 At a glance We focus on long-term   outcomes and positive social,   economic and environmental   impact, across our two divisions. We carry out 6,000 repairs   a day in Homes across the UK. The Housing division made excellent progress in 2017 Our broader service offering, incorporating our new homes capability  alongside housing management and maintenance, supports our involvement  in new emerging placemaking partnerships, where our involvement extends  beyond traditional outsourcing and is focused on creating more  sustainable communities. We have broadened the services we offer across the sphere of affordable  housing. In particular , our acquisition of Omega in 2014 has unlocked a  large number of new housing management opportunities. We will look  to make further acquisitions to reinforce our market-leading position,  however our primary focus remains organic growth. Our clients are increasingly looking for partners who can operate  strategically as well as operationally across a range of housing  services. Mears has extended its core reactive and planned  maintenance offering to include housing management to  support clients in delivering more integrated solutions,  aligned to their strategic challenges. Regeneration in   Milton Keynes   R ead fr om page 32 Our services  → Repairs and maintenance  → Planned and cyclical  maintenance  → Estate management  → Asset management  → Income management  → Emergency  accommodation  → New housing   development Our customers  → Local Authorities  → Registered Social  Landlords  → Private landlords  → Tenants and   service users  → Community   groups  → Pension   funds Strategic report 02 Mears Group PLC Annual report and accounts 2017 Revenue £134.1m -12% 2015  £146.0m 2016  £152.6m 2017  £134.1m Operating profit £0.5m 2015  £(1.6)m 2016  £(1.2)m 2017 £0.5m Annual report and accounts 2017 Chairman’s statement “ We continue to take a long-term approach  to how we run the business, reflected by  the well-established leadership team that  thoroughly understands the strategy and  operational workings of the business.  As leaders in our core markets, we will  continue to innovate and demonstrate  our value for money proposition. ” Bob Holt Chairman While it has been a challenging year, I am pleased to  report a year of operational progress and that the  Group is very well positioned to benefit as our core  markets continue to develop. During the year, Housing  and Care have been at the top of the political agenda  and we believe our differentiated offering has never  been more relevant. The events seen in the wider  outsourcing sector have been frustrating, where  company-specific issues have been perceived to  have wider sector implications. We have, over recent  months, needed to remind stakeholders of how  Mears is different from the competition.  Mears is a very simple business. Our focus has always been  on a single service user, namely the individual in their home.  Whilst the end service users are at the centre of our business  model, the services themselves are primarily funded by the  public sector . The benefit of having this narrow focus is that we  understand our markets, we understand the challenges faced  by our clients and we are well placed to provide innovative  solutions to address those challenges. We have a strict and  continuing discipline when bidding new contract opportunities:  we are highly selective and we never change our bidding model  to meet a short-term growth aspiration. This has been most  evident recently where we have seen a lower rate than normal in  the conversion of new contract opportunities. However, I remain  extremely confident in the quality of our tender submissions.  We have missed some opportunities on price, having Chief Executive’s strategy overview Strategic report 07 Mears Group PLC Annual report and accounts 2017 Chief Executive’s strategy overview continued In 2017, the value of new contracts secured was below our  expectations. This was due to two particular factors: firstly,   we did experience a reduced level of some traditional repairs  and maintenance work coming to market and secondly, we  have seen some competitors being very aggressive on price.  Mears will continue to focus on bidding only at sustainable  pricing levels. The market has seen some reductions in capital discretionary  expenditure levels in the last two years. This is due to a number  of factors and we have in most circumstances been very  supportive of our clients’ approach to these reduced spending  levels. In the same period, social housing landlords have been  focusing more on new-build activity to address the significant  housing shortage, a clear Government priority. The Government has already announced major commitments  to housing, meaning investment will grow over the coming years,  with the removal of the rent cap in 2020 giving additional  confidence to our clients. The strategic evolution of our business  means we can now access opportunities that previously would  have been out of our reach. Mears has evolved its strategic  focus towards Housing Management and Placemaking activities.  In line with this, Mears is also building new homes as part of  managing the regeneration and delivery of affordable housing  for clients, to support their overall asset management plans.  The Group has become a leading housing management  business in the UK, directly addressing the issues resulting  from rising levels of homelessness.  We firmly believe in our long-term Care strategy and that  Mears is well placed to benefit as the market evolves. We have  concluded the restructuring of our Care business, exiting  those contracts where low pricing, lack of longevity and  uncertainty of spend did not