 Highlights Customer wins across the SmartWall target markets – service providers,  cloud providers and digital enterprises. Operating highlights    • Strong performance of flagship  SmartWall product • Existing customer add-on orders up  320% over the prior year • High customer delight with >95%  renewal rates for support and services • First two $1.0 million customers • Encouraging uptake of DDoS  protection as-a-service (launched in  late 2016) Revenue $8.5m as contribution from   legacy products   reduced as expected   (2016: $8.8 million) *    c ompr is es the oper a tin g loss less unr ealis e d f or eign e x chan g e differ enc es on an in ter c ompan y loan,   depr ecia tion, amor tisa tion and impairmen t of g oodwill. The Dir ec t ors c onsider EBITD A t o be a bet ter meas- ur e of pr ofitabilit y as it e x cludes non c ash items. The 2016 EBITD A has been adjuste d t o be on a c onsisten t  basis. **    Recurr in g r e v enue c ompr is es main ten anc e , suppor t s er vic es and aaS r ec ognis e d r e v enue . Legacy SmartWall SmartWall 2015 2016 2017 9, 000 5 , 000 3 , 000 1, 000 7 , 000 2015 2016 2017 4, 000 2, 000 1, 000 3 , 000 SmartWall revenue growth  43%   over the prior year • Signed partnerships with global  blue-chip technology companies to  accelerate revenue growth strategy • Juniper Networks, McAfee, Gigamon • New technology launched following  two-year development programme • Added 100Gbps capacity product  • Launched vNTD virtual software  appliance Recurring** revenue growth 125%  over the prior year Re duc e d EBITD A loss* $5.1m (2016: $6.4 million) Loss per share 3.1c (2016: 9.0 cents) Net cash $1.4m Financial Statements Corporate Directory Governance Strategic Report  Corero at a glance Corero is dedicated to improving the  security and availability of the Internet  through the deployment of innovative   DDoS mitigation solutions. DDoS attacks continue to rise in size, frequency   and complexity, impacting the security and availability   of the Internet. 35% increase in attacks   per quarter 8 attacks per   customer per day 71% attacks 10 minutes   or less 96% attacks 5Gbps   or less Service providers, cloud providers and Internet  connected businesses require real-time protection  against this evolving threat landscape. The Corero  SmartWall family of products can be deployed in   various topologies (in-line or scrubbing).    The SmartWall family of products utilises  modern DDoS mitigation architecture to  automatically and surgically remove  DDoS attack traffic, while allowing good  user traffic to flow uninterrupted. Corero’s key operational centres are in  Marlborough, Massachusetts in the USA  and Edinburgh in the UK, with the  Company’s registered office in Uxbridge  in the UK. The goal of the Corero real-time DDoS  mitigation solution is to protect the  customer’s service availability and  ultimately revenues and brand  reputations from harmful DDoS attacks.  The Corero solutions are among the  highest performing in the industry, while  providing the most automated DDoS  protection at unprecedented scale with  the lowest total cost of ownership to   the customer.    These solutions are designed to   provide real-time attack mitigation   with continuous threat visibility,   enabling the monetisation of DDoS  protection as-a-service offering for  service providers.  The Corero SmartWall protects against  the latest breed of DDoS attacks in  seconds not minutes, including  volumetric and multi-vector attacks. (Source: Corero Chief Executive’s strategic update Corero is well positioned to deliver on its goal   of being the leading player in the real-time  DDoS mitigation market with SmartWall  solution validation from over 90 customers.  Corero Network Security plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 06 Operating performance against strategy Our performance against our 2017 strategic objectives is summarised below: • Establish SmartWall as the leading solution for real-time DDoS mitigation:   Continued progress in growing our customer base to 90 customers and the  addition of a number of high profile customers including Corero’s first US  federal government customer, two one million dollar customers, first  Australian customer and first potentially significant revenue share contract  with a Tier 1 service provider.  • Improve Smartwall DDoS defence technology:   SmartWall software releases in 2017 have added new attack defence and  improved forensics and analytics capabilities. • New products to address the evolving requirements of the target market:   Corero further enhanced its market leading SmartWall product portfolio in  2017 with the deliverables from a two-year development program with a new  SmartWall 100Gbps capable product to capture growth in customer demand  for 100Gbps connectivity and SmartWall virtual software appliance to capture  demand for hybrid on-premises / Cloud DDoS mitigation deployments. Corero  announced the first sales of the 100Gbps product (totalling $0.4 million) in  early January 2018. • Target market focus:   Customer wins in 2017 have continued to validate the target market for  real-time, automatic DDoS mitigation solutions; namely service providers,  cloud providers and digital enterprises. • Expand routes to market:   Corero’s strategy is to work with leading IT and network technology vendors to  make DDoS mitigation an integral component of any well-engineered Internet  facing network design thereby increasing our go-to-market opportunities. In  2017, Corero signed agreements with major global technology companies  including Juniper Networks, Gigamon, and McAfee. The technology alliance  partnership with