 04 Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc Annual Report 2017 Chairman’s Statement  A year of opportunity Key points in this section:  › £998.7m sales and £235.5m  operating profit; 6% organic  increase in both*   › Acquisitions add 20% to sales  and 14% to profit  › T otal Ordinary dividend increased  15% to 87.5p per share Introduction My last full year as Chairman was a  successful and eventful one. In May we  were delighted to welcome Gestra to the  Group. Gestra’ s market-leading automated  boiler controls and strong market position in  Germany increases the market share of our  Steam Specialties division, improves access  to the German market and provides potential  to grow Gestra’ s presence outside its core  German market. T wo months later, in July,  electrical process heating and temperature  management solutions provider, Chromalox,  joined the Group. Industrial electrical heating  solutions are complementary to our steam  business and Chromalox’ s direct sales  business model, based around application  selling, diverse customer base and broad  market diversity, make it an ideal fit.  Three other important milestones have also  been reached. In 2017, Group sales reached  £1 billion, the Group’ s underlying trading  margin, excluding acquisitions, exceeded  24% and the proposed dividend marks the  50th consecutive year of progress.  The events of 2017 demonstrate that we  are not content to let external circumstances  dictate Group performance and outcomes,  but are actively engaged in engineering  opportunities for sustainable growth. I am  deeply proud to have been the Chairman of  this great Company for over nine years and  in my last full year I am pleased to be able  to report that, despite a very busy year, we  maintained our rigorous focus on organic  growth and delivered another strong set of  results, outperforming our markets.  Financial highlights Sales for the year were £998.7 million, 06 Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc Annual Report 2017 Group Chief Executive’s Statement  Implementing our strategy for growth Key points in this section:  ›  Successfully implementing our  strategy for organic growth  › Acquisition of two outstanding  businesses: Gestra  and Chromalox  › Delivering long-term  sustainable value  for stakeholders less likely to be cut in times of recession.  This “self-generated” element of our  business, combined with the high proportion  of sales that derive from end users’  maintenance and operating budgets, and  the wide diversity of the markets we serve,  both geographically and by industry sector,  makes our business highly resilient, although  not immune, to the vagaries of the markets. Strategy implementation Four years ago we undertook an extensive  strategic review and developed our strategy  for growth, the aim of which is to deliver  self-generated growth that outperforms our  markets. We identified six Group strategic  themes, which help us to do better what we  already do well:  − increase direct sales effectiveness through  sector focus;  − develop the knowledge and skills of our  expert sales and service teams;  − broaden our global presence;  − leverage R&D investments;  − optimise supply chain effectiveness; and  − operate sustainably and help improve our  customers’ sustainability. During 2017, notable progress was made in  the implementation of our strategic priorities,  which was a significant contributing factor to  the good financial results and strong organic  growth achieved during the year:  − We continued increasing the alignment  between our direct sales force and our  target industries of Food & Beverage;  Healthcare; Pharmaceutical; Oil, Gas  & Chemical; and OEM customers,  supported by developments in our R&D  processes, manufacturing capabilities,  marketing and training materials. In the  Spirax-Sarco Steam Specialties division,  the organic growth rate of these priority  sectors strongly 34 Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc Annual Report 2017 “ The Group delivered record revenue and operating  profits, achieved through a combination of good  organic growth, accretive acquisitions and  favourable currency movements.” Nicholas Anderson  Group Chief Executive Group Chief Executive’s Review of Operations Our performance *  Unless otherwise stated, all profit measures exclude certain  items, as set out and explained in the Financial Review and  in Note 2 on page 129. Organic measures are at constant  currency and exclude acquisitions. Key points in this section:  › Reported revenue up 32% to  £998.7 million  › 5% organic revenue growth in  the Steam Specialties division*  › 10% organic revenue growth in  Watson-Marlow   › Adjusted operating profit up  30% to £235.5 million*  › 23.6% operating margin*  › Good first time contribution  from acquisitions Introduction During 2017, the Group delivered record  revenue and operating profit, achieved  through a combination of good organic  growth, accretive acquisitions and favourable  exchange rate movements. We saw progress  in all geographical segments of the Steam  Specialties division, strong progress in the  Watson-Marlow Fluid T echnology business  and a good performance, in line with  expectations, in the Gestra and Chromalox  acquisitions. In the year we saw a 35%  growth in headcount to more than 7,250. Market environment Steam continues to be the most efficient  medium for transferring energy (in the  form of heat) within industrial processes,  with applications including heating, curing,  cooking, drying, cleaning, sterilising, space  heating, humidification and on-demand  hot water production. Electrical heating  technologies are widely utilised for freeze  protection, high temperature industrial  applications and temperature management  in mission critical industrial processes.  Peristaltic and niche pumps and associated  fluid path components are also used across  an extensive range of industries to address