 Advisors 86 Glossary 87 2 NAHL Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 AT A GLANCE NAHL Group plc operates in the UK Consumer  Legal Services market across three divisions. Current staff 220 Consumers supported 151,178 Care experts 164 Our Vision To provide exceptional service to our consumers  and customers by being outstanding at everything  we do. Our Mission To become the leading provider in our  chosen consumer legal services markets by:  ¡ creating trusted brands that enable consumers to  access the law;  ¡ forging strategic customer partnerships that create  mutual value; and  ¡ embracing developing technologies to reach and  interact with our consumers and customers. Key milestones since flotation Jul 2015 Acquired Best Value Conveyancing Cementing our position in   the residential property market. Oct 2015 Acquired Bush & Company Rehabilitation Building on our expertise in Personal Injury (PI) by  expanding into the catastrophic injury market. May 2014 Floated NAHL Group plc on AIM Investing in our future, increasing  our profile and status, signalling our  intention towards future growth. Feb 2015 Acquired Fitzalan Partners Entering the residential property  market, diversifying our business. 3 NAHL Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financial statements Governance Strategic report Revenue £8.3m  Underlying operating profit £1.4m  Revenue £11.0m  Underlying operating profit £3.9m  Revenue £31.7m  Underlying operating profit £11.0m  Our trading divisions Personal Injury  National Accident Helpline  (NAH) Attracting consumers via its market  leading brand, sympathetically validating  the legitimacy of their claim and  connecting them to an appropriate   expert law firm. Critical Care  Bush & Company Rehabilitation  (Bush) Market leading provider of Case Managers  and Expert Witnesses to solicitors and  insurance companies in support of serious  and catastrophic injury victims. Residential Property  Fitzalan Partners and Searches UK Impressive!” – Marie, Trustpilot 16 NAHL Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 The Group has experienced both growth and  considerable challenge during 2017 and delivered  a strong performance overall. CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Steve Halbert Chairman Profit before tax £12.4m 2017 Revenue  £51.9m Divisional Review – Personal Injury During 2017 we made strong progress in preparing for  the regulatory changes previously announced by the  Ministry of Justice. It is anticipated that these changes  will take place no earlier than Q2 2019.   Our preparation for these changes included a  brand relaunch for National Accident Helpline and  the establishment and operational launch of two  ABS ventures. These ventures involve investment  in certain types of PI cases, with a consequential  deferral of cash flow, revenue and profit  recognition. We continued to invest in cases with  our strategic PLF partners.    Metrics from our brand relaunch in June 2017 have  been building and we are pleased with progress,  operating under the theme ‘When it’s wrong, make  it right’.   Investment in cases with PLFs and through our  ABS ventures changes our medium-term profit   and cash profiles as we build the number of cases  in progress, and is the primary reason behind the  reduction in Group profits in the current year. PI  operating profits are down from £14.1m in 2016 to  £11.0m in 2017, with the related deferral of profits  intended to support future earnings’ stability   and predictability. Early indications from our ABS  ventures have been positive, moreover, we are  already identifying ways to improve their returns,  supporting our strategy of investing in ABS  structures. Our preparations for regulatory changes continue  in 2018, particularly in relation to the  consequences of the expected significant change  in the small claims limit, and the potential  compensation available for low value whiplash  injuries in road traffic accidents (RTA). 19 March 2018 18 NAHL Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Embracing change, innovating for the future,  evolving our business. CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW Russell Atkinson Chief Executive Officer Results We have delivered continuing underlying operating  profit of £14.5m from underlying revenue of £51.0m. The formation of our two ABS ventures, whilst  working with a smaller number of more efficient  panel law firms (PLFs), has been the main driver  of improving our ability to manage demand. Whilst  the traditional panel model remains core to our  strategy, the increased flexibility provided by our  new arrangements has enabled us to invest in the  brand with confidence. The initial KPIs from the  ABS ventures have been encouraging and we  continue to manage and monitor these carefully. Having reduced investment in the National  Accident Helpline brand in 2016 we have been able  to successfully relaunch the brand during the year.  The new campaign is generating positive results  with brand metrics improving strongly. Research  indicates that our trust scores are almost 2.5 1   times better than our nearest competitor.  Additionally, the investment in improving our digital  functionality has resulted in growing numbers of  enquiries generated via these new capabilities. Our Critical Care (CC) division made progress in  2017 although the final quarter was slightly more  challenging as a result of a slower than expected  rollout of some commercial initiatives. However,  despite this, we have continued to grow market  share and developed a solid pipeline of contract  wins. Our credibility as brand leader has been  further enhanced by winning Lawyer Monthly  magazine Rehabilitation Provider of the Year. The Group’s RP business faced further market  headwinds during 2017 with Land Registry figures  indicating a decline in annual volume of 25% 2 .  However, our focus on website conversion, margin  management and cost control enabled us to report  profits for this division in line with those