 1    Cloudcall Group plc  Registered number: 05509873  Highlights   Revenues up 42% to £6.9m (2016: £4.9m)   Recurring revenues up 55% compared to 2016   87% of income now either recurring or repeating* (2016: 85%)   Gross margin 80% (2016: 79%)   EBITDA loss (excl. share based payments) reduced to £1.9m (2016: £3.0m)   £5.7m new equity raised during the year (before issue costs)   £4.9m cash at year-end (2016: £3.2m)   £1.85m undrawn revolving credit facility with Barclays   Net cash absorbed by operating activities down 34% year on year to £1.6m     23,520 users as at 31 December 2017 - up 45% (2016: 16,200)   875 customers (2016: 750)   Average customer size increased to 27 users - up 24% year on year   Increased investment takes headcount up to 119 from 89 last year   Strengthening relationship with Bullhorn offers further opportunities for  growth following Bullhorn’s acquisitions of Connexys during the year, and  Talentrover and Jobscience in early 2018    New unified communications architecture successfully launched to Bullhorn  customers in Q4   Launch of new Microsoft Dynamics CRM integration built on CloudCall’s new  unified communications architecture   Instant Messaging / SMS functionality moves into testing ahead of expected  launch during Q2’18  *Recurring revenue is that related to contracted subscription based products. Repeating revenue is related to pay-as-you-go  telephony revenue which, whilst not directly contracted, has a high degree of visibility and predictability.   Cloudcall Group plc  2017 Annual Report and Financial Statements    live to approximately 5 weeks, meaning that new customers commence billing earlier than has  previously been the case. Customer satisfaction is continuing to climb, evidenced by the fact that our  customer support team continues to deliver excellent support ratings averaging 96%, and the number  of customers required to be managed by our “at-risk” triaging process has also fallen during the year.  The net effect of this has been a 10% reduction in monthly churn rates achieved over the course of  the year, and we continue to see improvements as we enter 2018.  Constrained growth  Whilst these growth rates are impressive, our performance was, to some extent, restricted by a number  of constraining factors. Indeed, 2017 would be better described as being a year of consolidation and  preparation, with the business focussing on strengthening the foundations that will support future  growth.  Prior to the fundraise in the autumn, of which the VCT/EIS element received HMRC advance approval  on 29 November, the Group was undeniably cash constrained with available cash resources only  allowing for limited investment in sales and marketing activity. Growth rates to date have been achieved  with minimal outbound marketing, and with sales staff numbers held at minimum viable levels. This  lack of dedicated resources has historically held back the rate of new customer acquisition, particularly  in the US, where our addressable market is four or five times that of the UK.  In the run up to the year-end, and continuing into 2018, the additional funds raised are allowing us to  begin expanding our sales and marketing functions and I look forward to reporting on progress later in  the year.   Cloudcall Group plc  2017 Annual Report and Financial Statements  Strategic Report     8    Cloudcall Group plc  Registered number: 05509873  Resource limitations were also being keenly felt in product development, where for much of the year a  significant portion of our software development resource was focussed on rebuilding our core  infrastructure into a 2017 Annual Report and Financial Statements  Strategic Report     9    Cloudcall Group plc  Registered number: 05509873  Prior to Bullhorn’s acquisition of Connexys in September 2017, our penetration of Bullhorn’s user base  stood at ~25% in Europe and ~6% in North America.  However, adjusting for that acquisition,  repositions our penetration of their revised total EMEA users to 14%.    In March 2018, Bullhorn announced that it had completed the acquisitions of both Talentrover and  Jobscience, recruitment CRMs built on the Force.com platform (like Connexys). Whilst it remains very  early days in terms of quantifying exactly what this means for CloudCall in terms of addressable market,  it is very clear to see that our strong relationship with Bullhorn, in conjunction with their recent  acquisition driven growth represents a very significant opportunity to CloudCall.  Increasing our focus on recruitment and staffing  Further segmentation of the global CRM market has enabled us to identify a vibrant recruitment and  staffing sector, employing over 12 million people globally. CloudCall’s suite of integrated  communications products is a strong fit for this sector and is appreciated by firms looking to adopt  technology that helps them increase their speed in contacting candidates. This is something that  CloudCall’s solution excels at.  The Group’s success in this sector, its strong relationship with Bullhorn with its enhanced customer  base, together with CloudCall’s growing reputation, has led the Board to decide to focus more heavily  on this sector, before exploring other markets.   Our culture  Over the year, staff numbers increased from 89 to 119, reflecting our desire to capitalise on the market  opportunity that exists today. We are continuing to focus on creating a caring and inclusive culture and  are investing more in improving our staff mentoring, training and support mechanisms.  I’m delighted  to say that the various charity and community initiatives we launched in 2016 are now flourishing.  I  believe this can be exemplified by numerous staff members braving the ‘Beast from the East’ cold all