 Primary Statements 114 ITV plc Company Financial  Statements 179 Additional InformationGlossary 194 Strategic Report  The Strategic Report explains in detail how we have performed this year and sets out a fair review of the business,  a balanced and comprehensive analysis of our performance, the use of key performance indicators to explain the  progress we have made, a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company, and an indication of  potential future developments. The Strategic Report is prepared in line with the relevant provisions of the Companies  Act 2006 and the Company has had regard to the guidance issued by the Financial Reporting Council. It is intended  to provide shareholders with a better understanding of the Company, of its position in the markets within which it  operates, and of its prospects. In setting out the Company’s main risks and uncertainties, an indication of potential  future developments, and in other content, this report and accounts contains statements that are based on knowledge  and information available at the date of preparation of the Strategic Report, and what are believed to be reasonable  judgements, and therefore cannot be considered as indications of likelihood or certainty. A wide range of factors may  cause the actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those contained within, or implied by, these various  forward-looking statements. None of these statements should be construed as a proﬁt forecast. Corporate website We maintain a corporate website   at www.itvplc.com containing our   ﬁnancial results and a wide range   of information of interest to   institutional and private investors.   C o n t e n t s pa g e : Liar    F r o n t c ove r: The Voice UK 1 Strategic  ITV Studios £243m 6 ITV plc  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Chairman’s  Statement We’re reporting on a challenging year,  but one in which ITV has made  signiﬁcant progress. ITV delivered a strong operating  performance with great on-screen and  online viewing. Against this, net advertising  revenue (NAR) reacted to political and  economic uncertainty, contracting by just  under 5% (though, as we report, this trend  improved towards the end of the period).   Our rebalanced company saw continued  growth in non-NAR revenues – from  sponsorship, from digital and from  production, both at home and abroad.  We thank our former Chief Executive,  Adam Crozier, along with the executive  team for these important advances.  And I’m very grateful to Ian Grifﬁths,  who added the role of Chief Operating  Ofﬁcer to Group Finance Director. ITV’s mass commercial audience is at  the heart of our offer to viewers and  advertisers. We own the only such mass  audience in the UK. We’ve now grown our  share of television viewing for two years  in a row. And our broadcast schedule  offers the most trusted medium of brand  advertising: where an ‘impact’ is watching  an entire, full screen, advertisement with  the sound up; where no impacts are fake;  where a brand is guaranteed adjacency  to trusted content; and where there’s  no ad-blocking. Meanwhile, ITV Studios  now produces for over 200 channels in  11 countries around the world. This underlines the enduring strengths on  which we’ll build our new revenue streams  in the future. So with our strong balance  sheet we’re able to deliver good returns  to shareholders while also investing in  that future. In line with our dividend policy  and reflecting the Board’s conﬁdence  in the business and the outlook for 2018,  the Board is proposing a ﬁnal dividend   of 5.28p, which equates to a full year  dividend of 7.8p, up 8%. Source: Advertising Association January 2018 14 ITV plc  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Chief Executive’s Report Carolyn McCall Chief Executive I was very pleased to join ITV in January  as Chief Executive. It is still early days,  but I have already visited many parts of  the business and met many very talented  ITV people. I have visited our ofﬁces in  London, Manchester and Leeds, a number  of our newsrooms, production companies  as well as two cornerstones of our schedule,  Coronation Street and Emmerdale. I have  been struck by the pride and passion ITV  people have for what they do and the  critical role ITV plays in society and the  media ecology.  ITV’s operational performance was strong  in 2017 in what clearly was a challenging  year with continued economic and political  uncertainty impacting the demand for  television advertising. Share of viewing  was up for the second year running –   a ﬁrst ever for ITV; there was a signiﬁcant  increase in online viewing, up over 30%  and with good revenue growth; and the  Studios business also delivered good  revenue growth both in total, and  excluding acquisitions.  15 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional information  Chief Executive’s Report ITV has a strong consumer proposition  and fantastic content which drives mass  audiences and key demographics which are  so valuable to advertisers. It also has the  potential to do more targeted advertising.  Live television remains the preferred way  of watching content, even for younger  audiences. And it gives immediate scale,  reach and fame for advertisers that just  cannot be achieved anywhere else. It also  provides a safe, trusted and transparent  environment in which to advertise and  generates the highest return on investment  of any media. Recent research by Ebiquity,  found that for every pound spent, TV  generates over £4