 Financial Statements 131 Company Balance Sheet  186 Company Statement   of Changes in Equity 187 Notes to the Company   Financial Statements 188 Additional Information Subsidiary Undertakings 202 Shareholder Information 210 Glossary 214 Financial Calendar  216 Keep up-to-date with all our  news at www.global.weir  People  14 Customers 16 Technology 18 Performance 20 See our Strategy at a Glance for more information. Caring for our colleagues, our  neighbours and the environment  and inspiring them to flourish. Working in partnership to provide  distinctive solutions that deliver  compelling value for money. Driving the development of new  technologies and capabilities  that lead the market. Delivering excellence for all our  stakeholders through strong  leadership, accountability and   a lean mindset. Highlights Decisive short-term actions   to capture opportunities Financial highlights  – Minerals orders increased 11%  – Oil & Gas orders increased 67%  – Flow Control orders reduced by 6%   – ROCE increased 290 basis points Strategic highlights  – Embedded behavioural safety  programme  – Invested in additional engineers   on customer sites  – Developed new technology   and people strategies  – Initiated more than 80 Value Chain  Excellence improvement projects Notes: 2017 refers to the year from 1 January to 31 December 2017. 2016 refers to the period 2 January to 31 December 2016. 1. 01 The Weir Group PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Our Business Model Maximising value How we generate revenue The Group has an aftermarket-focused  business model. It starts by building   a large installed base of original  equipment used in highly abrasive  operating environments. This, in turn,  drives demand for spares and services,  providing earnings resilience in the  diversified markets the Group serves. In  2017, 69% of revenues were generated  from aftermarket activity, with 31%  from original equipment. 39% were  generated in emerging economies. Mission-critical solutions We focus on solutions that are essential   to our customers’ operations and where   our engineering expertise enables them   to achieve their business objectives  safely, efficiently and sustainably. Comprehensive global support Our global service centre network is   the most extensive in our main markets,  delivering rapid support to customers in  the need-it-now industries we serve. Highly engineered equipment We are the technology leaders in our  main markets, supported by almost  150 years of innovative engineering  with leading brands that are known   for their reliability and performance. Intensive aftermarket care We provide solutions that are used   in some of the world’s most  extreme operating environments.  These harsh conditions generate  continuing demand for aftermarket  spares and services that in turn  provide earnings resilience. Our distinctive competencies The Group is committed to building  long-term value for all our stakeholders.  We rely on a range of resources   and 06 The Weir Group PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 Charles Berry Chairman The Board recognises that the business  will be more successful if it partners   with stakeholders and makes a positive  contribution to society. The Group does  this in a variety of ways from supporting  local employment and suppliers to  working with governments and local  communities to help educate the next  generation of engineers.  In the UK, this includes the Primary  Engineer programme that aims to  encourage young pupils from all  backgrounds to consider a career  in science, technology, engineering   or mathematics.  The Group is also promoting greater  diversity and inclusion in a sector that   has traditionally been male-dominated.  The best ideas come from a variety of  perspectives and, as a company that   relies on the innovation and ingenuity of  all our people, we need to be a workplace  that allows everyone’s talent to flourish.  The Board will reach its aim of ensuring  that at least a third of its members are  female following the 2018 Annual General  Meeting (AGM), two years ahead of our  original 2020 target.  While this is welcome progress, we   must increase diversity throughout the  organisation, from those starting out in  their careers to senior leaders, and each  business has plans in place to help them  achieve this aim.  Governance and Board changes As previously announced, there were  some significant changes to the  composition of 12 The Weir Group PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 Our four distinctive competencies   People   Customers   Technology   Performance What we said we would do in 2017 • Implement a new safety charter   and embed behavioural safety. • Re-invest in leadership and   development programmes. • Improve diversity and conduct an  employee engagement programme   to support the We are Weir strategy. • Pursue more long-term relationships  with customers. • Shift from product focus to solutions  mindset. • Improve customer insights into new  product developments. • Expand customer digital offering. • Broaden skills base to reflect digitisation  of industrial products. • Embed new innovation framework  throughout the organisation. • Improve operational performance  including on time delivery and   inventory turns. • Reinvigorate lean disciplines and  simplify value chain excellence process. • Embed customer and Weir sustainability  goals in value chain improvements. What we achieved in 2017 • 20% improvement in total incident rate   to 0.53 – implemented a new Safety  Charter and rolled out a Group-wide  behavioural safety programme. • Increased female representation at both  Board and senior management levels   with