 JAMES FISHER AND SONS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 1 JAMES FISHER AND SONS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT  Highlights 2017 2016 % change Revenue £505.4m £466.0m +9% Underlying operating profit* £55.8m £50.8m +10% Underlying profit before tax* £50.3m £45.8m +10% Underlying diluted earnings per share* 81.4p 76.3p +7% Total dividend per share 28.70p 26.15p +10% Statutory profit before tax £49.0m £44.9m +9% Statutory diluted earnings per share 79.5p 78.7p +1% * excludes separately disclosed items. •   Revenue up 9% and exceeded £500m for the first time; •   Underlying operating profit up 10%:  •   Increases in Marine Support, Specialist Technical and Tankships;  •   Marine Support ahead 17%; •   Underlying profit before tax 10% higher at £50.3m; •   Dividends increased for 23rd consecutive year, up 10% to   28.70p per share. Notes: James Fisher and Sons plc uses alternative performance measures (APMs) as key financial indicators to assess the underlying performance of the business. APMs are  used by management as they are considered to better reflect business performance and provide useful additional information. APMs include underlying operating profit,  underlying profit before tax, underlying diluted earnings per share, underlying return on capital employed and cash conversion. An explanation of APMs is set out in  note 2 on page 69. 2 JAMES FISHER AND SONS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Chairman’s statement This is the last year that I shall  be writing this statement as  Chairman and therefore I am  particularly pleased to be able  to report that James Fisher  and Sons plc (James Fisher)  had another good year in 2017  producing an underlying profit  before tax of £50.3m, an increase  of 10% over the prior year.  This  reflected the strength of the  Group’s business model with its  broad spread of activities across  the marine sector, its strong  international presence and its  ability to innovate and grow new  businesses. Three of our four divisions improved their  results with Marine Support leading the  way with a 17% improvement in profits  generated by new markets in Brazil, the  Middle East and offshore renewables.  Specialist Technical delivered another  strong performance making good progress  with the delivery of its project pipeline and  the Indian submarine rescue contract in  particular. Tankships continued its run of  profit increases generated by high vessel  utilisation levels and careful attention to  costs. Offshore Oil managed a result only  marginally below the prior year: demand  began to firm in some sectors towards year  end while the division was also successful  in opening new opportunities in the Middle  East, Asia and in subsea decommissioning. Group revenue for the year grew by 9% to  £505.4m (2016: £466.0m). An increase in  the Group’s underlying effective tax rate  to 17.2%, (2016: 15.4%), held back the  increase in underlying diluted earnings  per share to 7% at 81.4 pence per share.  Statutory diluted earnings per share were  79.5 pence (2016: 78.7 pence). With a number of major projects  underway, careful attention has been paid  to managing cash flow this year in the  face of the expected increase in working  capital. This build-up squeezed our cash  conversion rate to 56% in 2017 and  despite this, the year-end balance sheet  gearing remained at a conservative 47%  (2016: 41%) with the ratio of net improves the likelihood of a successful rescue in the event of an emergency. 4 JAMES FISHER AND SONS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Chief Executive’s review Nick Henry, Chief Executive Officer Group strategy  The Group’s strategy is to grow its  business organically by leveraging  its existing marine skill base in  specialist expertise to a global market,  supplemented by selective bolt- on acquisitions which broaden the  Group’s range of services, products or  geographical coverage. Our strategic  aim is to deliver long-term growth in  earnings per share and consistently  to increase shareholder value. Our  businesses target an operating margin  of at least 10%, a pre-tax return on  capital employed of at least 15% and  are expected to be cash-generative via  careful management of working capital  and investments.  Whilst the Group prioritises organic  growth, our strategy is to supplement it  with value-enhancing acquisitions which  fit into our existing divisions. James  Fisher seeks to acquire businesses that  have a niche product or service offering,  with growth potential, a track record of  profitability, cash generation and strong  management.  Business model The Group’s businesses provide a range  of marine services to large corporations  and government bodies through its four  divisions: Marine Support, Specialist  Technical, Offshore Oil and Tankships.  James Fisher’s businesses are  entrepreneurially-led with a decentralised  management structure which  encourages managers to be responsible  for making timely decisions in response  to changes in the market and in the  competitive environment. Many of the  Group’s businesses operate in specialist  niches and hold market-leading  positions in their particular sector. Their  growth is focused on the less mature  markets around the world with 50%  (2016: 51%) of the Group’s revenue  derived from customers in the Middle  East, Africa and Asia Pacific regions. Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are  used to measure the success of the  business model. These include revenue  growth, operating margin (the ratio of  underlying operating profit to revenue),  return on capital employed and cash  conversion. This year, revenue growth  was 9% and the underlying operating  margin increased