 p.6 2 Delivering long-term  growth responsibly Chairman’s statement Overview I am pleased to report that we delivered a solid operational and  financial performance in 2017. This was achieved against the  backdrop of an external environment characterised by regulatory  proposals and changes, tax challenges and intense competition.  We provide much-needed access to regulated credit for people  who might otherwise be financially excluded and, while we  continue to modernise the Group in response to the changing  needs of consumers, our values of being respectful, responsible  and straightforward guide the way we serve our customers and  govern our business. Led by the Board, we continued to take an  active approach to risk management. This, together with product  innovation and our regulatory stakeholder engagement programme,  supports the work we have undertaken to help protect our business  model. I was delighted to see our businesses receive numerous  prestigious awards over the course of the year in recognition of our  responsible lending practices, outstanding corporate culture and  offering a great place to work, all of which are indicative of the high  regard we are held in when serving customers, managing risk and  developing our people.  Our strategy We understand our consumer segment well and are evolving the  business to ensure our products and services suit customers'  changing needs and circumstances. By offering a broader choice   of more competitively priced products, including longer-term home  credit loans and digital credit offerings, we aim to offer better  customer value and improve credit quality. Our strategy is focused  on delivering sustainable growth, enhancing profitability and making  efficient use of capital. We now segment our businesses into two  broad categories, namely 'growth' focused businesses and 'returns'  focused businesses. Our European home credit businesses are in the  returns category and they are managed to deliver the best possible  level of customer service and to optimise returns. The capital they  generate is Chairman 4 Products  • Home credit cash loans with agent service • Money transfer loans direct to bank account • Home, medical and life insurances • Micro-business loans • Provident-branded digital loans • Weekly and monthly repayments • Loan terms from 12 weeks to around 3 years • Typical loan value £500 Our home credit channel serves  customers who appreciate the  unique qualities of our face-to- face at-home service provided  by our agents. Our digital channel serves  customers who prefer to take out  credit online and repay remotely. A leading international  provider of consumer credit  We offer a range of unsecured consumer finance channels, products and brands to  meet the specific needs and financial circumstances of our customers. The increase  in mobile technology has led our channel expansion into digital loans and resulted in  a larger target segment of customers that we are now able to serve. Products  • Instalment loans • Revolving credit facility • Monthly repayments • Instalment loan terms up to 4 years • Average customer outstanding balance £800 • Customers served online and through   selected distribution partners IPF at a glance Home credit £721.7M Revenue £104.1M Revenue 2.1M Customers 226,000 Customers IPF Digital Northern Europe: Poland and the Czech Republic Southern Europe: Hungary and Romania Mexico Established markets: Finland, Estonia, Lithuania  and Latvia New markets: Poland, Spain, Mexico  and Australia Strategic Report International Personal Finance plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 5 Romania Hungary Czech  Republic Lithuania Latvia Estonia Finland Poland IPF plc  head office Mexico Australia Home credit IPF Digital Home credit and IPF Digital Spain Home credit Northern Europe 737,000 Customers £508.6M Credit issued  Digital Established markets  141,000 Customers £138.7M Credit issued  Mexico 828,000 Customers £273.7M Credit issued  Southern Europe 499,000 Customers £288.4M Credit issued  New markets uncertainties on pages 36-43 14 Delivering on our   multi-channel strategy Chief Executive Officer’s review Q. International Personal Finance has changed in  the six years you have led the Group. What does the  business stand for today? In so many ways, our business has changed enormously but in   some very fundamental ways it remains entirely consistent with the  business I joined in 2012. Back then, we were a provider of weekly  cash loans delivered through agents; our competitors were mainly  other home credit operators and the regulatory outlook was  reasonably foreseeable. Today, we face competition from multiple digital lenders and banks  are taking a keen interest in our best customers. The regulatory  landscape is almost unrecognisable in terms of the volume of new  legislation as well as the fact that the key instigators of regulatory  change are politicians as well as regulators. In response to these  changes, we have adapted our offering so that we continue to give  our customers the best service we can while protecting our business  model. We now offer an array of products (weekly and monthly  instalment cash loans, digital instalment loans, lines of credit,  insurance services and small business loans) through multiple  channels (agents, call centres, digital and distribution partners). Notwithstanding all of this change, our vision and how we treat our  customers remain true to our values. We aim to make a difference  in the lives of our customers by providing simple and personalised  financial solutions in a responsible, respectful and straightforward way.  CEO, Gerard Ryan, discusses the operating  landscape and progress made on  delivering our multi-channel strategy.  “We delivered a solid  operational and financial  performance and  made progress on our  multi-channel strategy.” Strategic Report International Personal Finance plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 15 Q. What are the key drivers of your strategy?  Fundamentally, we have always been in the