 2  was 75% of our adjusted operating profit following   a material step-up in growth capex in our Test and Measurement  division. Adjusted earnings per share (‘EPS’) increased by 14% to  145.1p with reported basic EPS at 197.0p.  The Group continues to make good progress on the delivery of its  strategy and during the year, we made a number of changes to our  portfolio, including bolt-on acquisitions and a divestment. Following  these transactions, the Group’s financial position is robust, with net  debt at £50.5 million at the year end. The Board is proposing to pay a final dividend of 37.5 pence per  share which, combined with the interim dividend of 19.0 pence,  gives a total of 56.5 pence per share for the year, an increase of  9%. This is consistent with our policy of making progressive  dividend payments based upon affordability and sustainability.   The dividend will be paid on 29 June 2018 to shareholders on the  register at the close of business on 25 May 2018. The ex-dividend  date is 24 May 2018. Following the sale of Microscan in October 2017, post-tax cash  proceeds of approximately £91.9 million have been received.   The Board has, therefore, approved a share buy-back programme  of £100 million to take place during 2018 and into 2019. The  Group has considerable financial flexibility and will continue to  target acquisitions in support of its strategy.  Clear strategic direction As a leading supplier of productivity-enhancing instrumentation   and controls, we provide a combination of highly-specialised  measuring instruments, software and services for some of the most   technically-demanding industrial applications. We aim to enhance  our profitable growth by providing our customers with key insights  alongside our instruments and, to this end, we are progressively  adding further software and analytical capabilities and test services  to our product offerings. This will be focused on key industries and  will provide 4 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Industrial Controls provides products and solutions  that measure, monitor, control and connect during   the production process. Reported   sales £262.5m   Aftersales 1 3% Adjusted   operating profit £38.3m Adjusted   operating margin 14.6% Reported  operating profit £28.7m Reported  operating margin 10.9% Operating companies  › Microscan 3  › Omega Engineering   › Red Lion Controls Industries  › Manufacturing  › Process industries  › Energy  › Electronics  › Healthcare In-line Instrumentation provides process analytical  measurement, asset monitoring and online controls as  well as associated consumables and services for both  primary processing and the converting industries. Reported   sales £310.9m   Aftersales 1 43%   Adjusted   operating profit £33.2m Adjusted   operating margin 10.7% Reported  operating profit £29.5m Reported  operating margin 9.5% Operating companies  › Brüel & Kjær Vibro  › BTG  › NDC Technologies  › Servomex Industries  › Process industries  › Pulp, paper & tissue  › Energy & utilities  › Web & converting Materials Analysis provides products and   services that enable customers to determine   structure, composition, quantity and quality of   particles and materials during their research and  product development processes, when assessing  materials before production or during the  manufacturing process. Reported   sales £464.9m   Aftersales 1 32% Adjusted   operating profit £83.1m Adjusted  operating margin 17.9% Reported  operating profit £68.6m Reported   operating margin 14.8% Operating companies  › Malvern Panalytical  › Particle Measuring Systems  › Concept Life Sciences 2 Industries  › Pharmaceuticals & fine  chemicals  › Metals, minerals & mining  › Academic research  › Semiconductors Test and Measurement supplies test,   10 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report capacity in Finland, which is due to be commissioned in the third  quarter of 2018.  We will also be adding capability through the joint venture  agreement we signed with Macquarie Capital in which they have  agreed to acquire a 50% interest in our environmental monitoring  business, EMS Brüel & Kjær. It is expected to close in the second  quarter of 2018, subject to regulatory approvals in China, the  European Union and South Korea. This partnership, with a  world-leading infrastructure adviser and investor, should benefit   the new joint venture in its next stage of development as we jointly  invest organically and inorganically to collaborate on our remote  monitoring and analytics offering for environmental monitoring.  The combination of our expertise in environmental monitoring  solutions and Macquarie Capital’s significant presence in  infrastructure markets will accelerate the growth of the business.  In January 2018, we acquired Concept Life Sciences, which   provides integrated drug discovery, development, analytical   testing and environmental consultancy services, mainly in the  pharmaceutical, biotechnology, agrochemical and environmental  sectors. Additionally, it carries out development and analytical  services for the food, consumer and environmental industries.  Concept Life Sciences is a high-quality services business which  further strengthens our portfolio, has strong synergies with the  activities of Malvern Panalytical and enhances our ability to provide  customers within the pharmaceutical, life sciences and advanced  materials sectors with a combined product and service proposition.  Our performance in 2017 was  good, with like-for-like increases  in both sales and profit as we  executed on our strategy, and  helped by a recovery in the USA  and certain key end markets. John O’Higgins  Chief Executive Positioning ourselves to deliver   our solutions strategy Our strategy is evolving towards the provision of complete solutions  to our customers, based on our deep application and technical  expertise, and we made good progress