 Notes to the Group accounts 148   Company accounts Company statement of   comprehensive income 202 Company statement   of changes in equity 202 Company balance sheet 203 Notes to the Company accounts 204 Cautionary statement: All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this document, including,  without limitation, those regarding the financial condition, results, operations and businesses of BAE Systems and its  strategy, plans and objectives and the markets and economies in which it operates, are forward-looking statements.  Such forward-looking statements, which reflect management’s assumptions made on the basis of information  available to it at this time, involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors which could  cause the actual results, performance or achievements of BAE Systems or the markets and economies in which  BAE Systems operates to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied  by such forward-looking statements. BAE Systems plc and its directors accept no liability to third 06 BAE Systems Annual Report 2017 Group financial   highlights Other financial highlights Financial performance measures defined in IFRS 1 1. International Financial Reporting Standards. 2. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 3. Current year compared with prior year translated at current year exchange rates. 4. Including share of equity accounted investments. 5. Items that are not relevant to an understanding of the Group’s underlying performance  (see page 28). – Revenue increased by £0.5bn to £18.3bn largely  reflecting currency translation. – Operating profit decreased to £1,480m, including  a £384m non-cash goodwill impairment in Applied  Intelligence reflecting lower growth assumptions. – Basic earnings per share decreased by 7% to 26.8p. – Net cash flow from operating activities increased  by £668m to £1,897m. – Group’s share of the pre-tax accounting net  pension deficit reduced by £2.2bn compared  with 31 December 2016 to £3.9bn. – Final dividend of 13p per share 08 BAE Systems Annual Report 2017 Operational and   strategic highlights During the year, our US-based  Intelligence & Security business  secured six task order contracts  valued at more than $180m   (£133m), increasing the  Full-Motion Video Intelligence,  Surveillance and Reconnaissance  analysis support we provide to  the US intelligence community. Our US-based Electronic Systems  business received orders on the  F-35 Lightning II programme  worth over $450m (£333m) for  additional hardware production  and five years of support. In December, BAE Systems and the  Government of Qatar entered into  a contract, valued at approximately  £5bn, for the supply of 24 Typhoon  aircraft. Alongside supplying the  aircraft, the agreement provides for  the supply of ground support to the  Qatar Armed Forces and delivery of  technical and pilot training in Qatar.  The contract is subject to 10 BAE Systems Annual Report 2017 Chairman’s  letter These changes acknowledge the increasing  requirement for in-country production by  our customers, the need to continuously hone  our competitive edge in all markets and the  emphasis that must be placed on efficient  execution of a strong order book. For my part, as Chairman, I have been pleased  to witness the Company’s ability to manage  structural and leadership change in a  turbulent year. It has been made clear to me by customers,  shareholders, employees and partners that  all have valued the preservation of seasoned  executive experience with the introduction  of fresh thinking and renewed energy in  the management team at a time of  geopolitical turbulence. Relationships and reputation are, of course, key  to the success of any business. In this context,  it is pleasing that close liaison with governments  in the UK, US, the Gulf, Australia, 13 BAE Systems Annual Report 2017 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Chief Executive’s  review Our US electronics business delivered good  operational performance across our core  franchise positions in the high-technology  areas of electronic warfare, precision-guided  munitions, Intelligence, Surveillance and  Reconnaissance, and electro-optics.  BAE Systems has sustained its leadership  position in the US electronic warfare market  and production is ramping up to execute orders  across a number of programmes, some of  which are classified. As the electronic warfare  system supplier on the F-35 Lightning II  combat aircraft programme, we are increasing  production and are well positioned to meet  further increases in output rates over the  coming years to meet the requirements  of both US and international customers.  On F-15, upgrade programmes are contracted  and progressing for the US Air Force and  international customers. The Group’s US-based combat vehicles  business is underpinned by programmes for  the manufacture of Armored Multi-Purpose  Vehicles and M109A7 self-propelled  howitzers, and Bradley upgrades which all  progressed in the year. In the amphibious  vehicle market, 16 prototypes have 73 BAE Systems Annual Report 2017 Financial statements Governance The directors of BAE Systems – and those  of all UK companies – must act in accordance  with a set of general duties. These duties  are detailed in the UK’s Companies Act  and include a duty to promote the success  of the Company, which is summarised here. As part of their induction, the directors are  briefed on their duties and they can access  professional advice on these – either through  the Company or, if they judge it necessary,  from an independent provider. It is important to recognise that in large and  complex companies, such as BAE Systems,  the directors fulfil their duties partly through  a governance framework that delegates  day-to-day decision-making to employees  of the Company. The Board recognises that such delegation  needs to be much more than simple financial  authorities and, in this section of the