 STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTS In October 2017, we led  a successful £5.5 million  fundraise with new and  existing shareholders,  highlighting some of the  customer productivity  improvement opportunities  based on Ubisense  software platforms.” “ Board of directors and Governance  At the end of 2016, we welcomed Richard Petti  to the Board as the new Chief Executive Officer. I’m  delighted that he has stepped into the role successfully,  enabling me to resume my non-Executive Chairman  role in August 2017. Richard has led the business,  clarifying the positioning and strategy of the company’s  two product portfolios, focusing and training the sales  force whilst we continue to build the sales capacity.  The structure of the Board and individual responsibilities  remain unchanged from last year. We ensure that  the Company adopts proper standards of corporate  governance and that the principles of best practice  as set out in the UK Corporate Governance Code  are followed where reasonably practicable. The  Board continually reviews its composition and that  of its committees and feels that, at this stage of the  Group’s development, the skills and mix of its  members best serves our current needs. Group strategy  In October 2017 we led a successful £5.5 million  fundraise with new and existing shareholders, to  allow us to capitalise on our strategy and accelerate  our go-to-market and development activity.  Driving value from  our own products  We've refocused our sales effort and development towards the two  enterprise location intelligence software platforms – Real-Time Location  System (RTLS) SmartSpace and Geospatial myWorld.  Results overview  2017 results continued to demonstrate that Ubisense  has excellent products which deliver measurable  benefits for customers as they strive for productivity  improvements. In total, Ubisense has delivered 28%  revenue growth for the company’s own products,  RTLS SmartSpace and Geospatial myWorld, offsetting  the planned decline in Geospatial revenues associated  with third party products. We have continued to see  growth in our own software revenues, which remains  of key importance to us as we drive growth in new  and recurring revenues. The RTLS SmartSpace agreement with Lockheed  Martin for the F35 program highlighted the productivity  gains that industrial customers need to make, with  integration of location information a key success-enabling  factor. The strength of our technology alongside a  flexible, highly scalable software platform that can  integrate multiple location technologies were key  factors in this aerospace win. A win in the satellite  and space sector highlights the further opportunities  that exist in high-tech manufacturing.  Our Geospatial myWorld customers are now exploiting  the flexibility of the platform to create new use cases  liberating geospatial information across their  organisation, integrating with other platforms and  driving productivity improvements. For Ubisense,  this drives sales of additional licences, further  services engagements and involvement in  customers’ longer term IT strategy.  28% revenue  growth in RTLS  SmartSpace  and Geospatial  myWorld 2 Ubisense Group plc Annual Report 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Enabling our customers to  create digital twins of their  physical environments is  helping companies worldwide  to improve their profitability  and meet the most stringent  quality control requirements. ” “ Some of the customer productivity improvement  opportunities based on Ubisense software  platforms include: RTLS SmartSpace: substantial investment in Industry  4.0 / Smart Factory / Industrial Internet of Things (IIo T)  in industry with automation of non-linear processes  using location information. Geospatial myWorld: communications and utility  operators spending billions of dollars upgrading  their networks, needing to optimise the workflow  across their organisation with accurate real-time  geographically-based information.  For the Geospatial business, we will continue to  leverage the highly specialist skills that we have in  the team, focusing on increasing the volume of 