 Strategic report Chairman’s statement This is my second statement since joining the Group and I am  pleased to report a strong performance in 2017. We have remained  committed to our values and focused on delivering our strategy, while  creating long-term benefit for all our stakeholders. I have now completed my first full  financial year at the Group. During the  year I and the non-executive directors  met with the divisional managing  directors and their teams, and visited  a number of their projects. This provided  us with valuable knowledge of operations  and assisted in our reviews of the  divisions’ strategic plans. Performance The Group achieved growth in 2017 and  ended the year with a robust balance  sheet which gives us flexibility to invest  in the business. Revenue for the year  was up 9% at £2,793m (2016: £2,562m),  with adjusted profit before tax up 46%  to £66.1m (2016: £45.3m). The cash performance of the Group  has also remained strong, due to a  disciplined monitoring of average  daily cash levels together with our  tight management of working capital. Values and strategy  Our core values and our Total  Commitments to being a responsible  business (set out on pages 15 and 17)  are at the heart of our culture, supporting  our strategic objectives and underpinning  our performance. Every new employee  is inducted in our core values, and  encouraged to adopt them as part  of their approach to work and their  relations with colleagues and  external stakeholders. Daily average cash £118m (2016: £25m) 02 ———  MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 Strategic report Our Total Commitments focus primarily  on our stakeholders, and the importance  of engaging with them is driven by the  Board. Our directors communicate  regularly with institutional investors and  analysts, and deliver presentations at  each results announcement (see page  71). Our divisions develop stakeholder  engagement programmes tailored to  their individual businesses. More detail  of these initiatives can be found in our  operating review on pages 26 to 27,  together with the results of a survey  recently undertaken with our  stakeholders on social and  environmental issues. We have stayed focused on our strategy  of specialising in construction and  regeneration, which is supported by the  UK’s need for new housing, improved  infrastructure and urban regeneration.  Operating in both the public and  commercial sectors, we continue to  target markets where demand is stable  or growing and our divisions have the  experience and the ability to deliver  what is needed. Board changes I would like to welcome Tracey Killen  to the Board, who joined us in May  as a non-executive director. Tracey is  director of personnel at the John Lewis  Partnership and brings expertise in  Page width = 197mm Chief Executive’s statement Our strong results are evidence of the significant operational  progress being made across the Group. They are testament  to the quality and commitment of our people. The Group has delivered another  strong year of growth in 2017, providing  an encouraging platform for future  progress across all divisions. Our result was  driven by another excellent performance  from Fit Out, with revenue growth of  16% to £735m and significant margin  improvement to 5.3% (2016: 4.3%),  delivering operating profit of £39.1m,  up 42% (2016: £27.5m). Construction  & Infrastructure has made further  operational progress with an improved  operating margin of 1.5%, up from 0.7%,  and operating profit up to £20.4m  (2016: £8.9m). Progress in Property  Services was impacted by restructuring  costs in the year with the division  making a loss of £1.3m, however this  now leaves the division better placed  to benefit from its secured workload  in future years. In regeneration, Partnership Housing  increased its operating profit 5% to  £14.1m (2016: £13.4m), although its  performance was affected by lower  mixed-tenure open market sales in the  year and by cost escalation on a single  design and build housing contract.  Urban Regeneration reported operating  profit of £10.0m (2016: £13.4m) which, as  expected, was lower than last year but in  line with its schedule of development  completions. Investments made good  progress with developing its portfolio  of property partnerships, delivering  a small profit of £0.5m in the year. Our positive cash generation and  increase in average net cash in the year  has further strengthened our balance  sheet and provides us with the flexibility  to invest in our regeneration activities  while allowing us to continue being  highly selective with bidding in our  construction activities. Performance against strategy We achieved our Group strategic  objectives as outlined on pages 16 to 17.  We have continued to target industry  sectors within the UK where there is  growth, and we have the capability to  service areas of particularly high demand  such as housing, infrastructure and urban  regeneration, all of which are underpinned  by firm government commitment. Each of our divisions has succeeded  in pursuing its business strategy.  Construction & Infrastructure has  continued to focus on operational  delivery, contract selectivity and quality  of earnings in its core sectors, securing  appointments to a number of new public  sector frameworks. Fit Out has continued  to win work in its targeted sectors and  secured places on two large public sector  frameworks. Through Property Services  we are currently delivering planned and  response maintenance services to over  25 social housing providers. Partnership Housing made progress in  developing partnerships with housing  associations and local authorities, 