 1 Pro forma defined on pages 28 and 29. Our brands We operate a portfolio of highly respected brands, each with a separate and distinct client offering. Tullett Prebon is a leading  interdealer broker and  operates as an intermediary  in wholesale financial markets. Tullett Prebon Information is a  leading provider of independent  real-time price information  from the global OTC financial  and commodity markets. ICAP is a leading interdealer  broker and operates as an  intermediary in wholesale  financial markets. ICAP Information is a leading  provider of independent   real-time price information  from the global OTC financial  and commodity markets. PVM is a leading energy and  commodities broker and  operates as an intermediary  in wholesale energy and  commodity markets. PVM Data Services is a leading  provider of key market data  from the global energy and  commodities markets. Mirexa Capital is a leading  agency execution broker that  exists to service institutional  investors such as hedge funds,  asset managers and insurers. COEX is an agency execution  broker within the listed  derivatives and OTC markets  serving institutional investors.  Cautionary Statement This Annual Report has been prepared for, and only for, the members of the Company, as a body, and no other  persons. The Company, its Directors, employees, agents or advisers do not accept or assume responsibility to any  other person to whom this document is shown or into whose hands it may come and such responsibility is expressly  disclaimed. By their nature, the statements concerning the risks and uncertainties facing the Group in this Annual  Report involve uncertainty since future events and circumstances can cause results and developments to differ  materially from those anticipated. The forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and information available  at the date of preparation of this Annual Report and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these  forward-looking statements. Nothing in 10 Seeking to improve the business’s  brand awareness and coverage. Key to our strategy 1   Hire brokers 3 Broader client base 5 Investing in technology 7 Acquisitions 9 HR 2 Energy & Commodities 4 Data & Analytics 6 Client relationship management 8 Investment framework 10 Brand TP ICAP Annual Report and Accounts 2017 6 Strategic report What we did During 2017, we took actions to develop our business as a leader in wholesale   OTC markets in broking and information services through: New products:  > adding hybrid volume matching capability in UK gilts;   > enhancing electronic capabilities in US high yield bonds;  > increased electronic capabilities in US Corporate bonds;  > adding new pricing data sets in LNG (liquid natural gas), including JKM (Japan, Korea  Marker), PVB (Spain) and DKI ( Dubai Kuwait, India);  > introduce a Foreign Exchange Currency Option (‘FXO’) Request for Quote (‘RFQ’) solution  which captures hybrid and pure electronic liquidity and provides real time option pricing,  analytics and dynamic historic data; and   > expanding the African products we transact in to include non-deliverable forwards  (‘NDFs’) and sovereign bonds, and Foreign Exchange Currency (‘FX’) for Mauritius,   Zambia and Botswana. New trading types:  > preparing for the launch of 11 venues, six OTFs and five MTFs, to be ready for the go-live   date for MiFID II;  > acquiring a specialist listed futures and options broker, COEX, adding more than  50 brokers in London, Paris and New York, that serves a diverse client base; and  > redesigning our client onboarding process for our Institutional Services division by  providing a single point of contact from inception to conclusion and then subsequent  client relationship management. New initiatives:   > launching ‘Big Push’ days in our post trade risk mitigation service, TP Match, resulting  in record nominal value of transactions processed in individual runs 12 Strategic report Single leaders for divisional, functional and  corporate support areas were key to providing  early clarity and direction to the organisation.  At the same time, we moved quickly to  constitute our governance structures,  committees, policies and procedures. We have  created single support functions in Finance,  Legal, Risk, Compliance and HR, successfully  co-located support staff and removed  duplication. We have migrated our finance  systems on to a single general ledger  platform, rationalised our internal approvals  processes, brought in globally aligned “Know  Your Customer” and anti money laundering  policies, and consolidated our swap execution  facilities (‘SEFs’) from three to two. We have  also embarked on the process of reducing the  large number of redundant legal entities in  the new combined corporate structure.  In 2018, we are moving to phase 2 of  the integration programme which will  take us increasingly from integration to  transformation. Not only do we aim to  combine the infrastructure platforms of the  two businesses but we seek to optimise and  transform our operations to create a more  efficient and scalable corporate function  infrastructure. We will increase our  capabilities and headcount in our Support  Services Centre in Belfast as part of this  programme. We also plan to extract  efficiencies from procurement and from  our non-compensation expense base. In mid-2018, we will move in to our new US  Headquarters in Lower Manhattan where all  our New York brokers will be located under  one roof. In addition, our combined UK- based Energy & Commodities team will be  housed in a single location in London’s West  End. There are other office moves planned  including a new London office in early 2019. Business development Our business lines are organised into four  global divisions (Global Broking, Energy  & Commodities, Data & Analytics and  Institutional Services) and