 Our investment case Tyman plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 04 Strategic report Governance and Directors’ report Financial statements Group at a glance Tyman’s businesses are market leaders in  their chosen geographies. The Group provides  innovative solutions to offer a complete range  of hardware, seals and extrusions for both  residential and commercial applications. Market leaders Where Tyman’s products are sold  US – 56%  UK – 16%  Europe – 11 %  Canada – 7%  Rest of the World – 7%  Australia – 2%  China – 1 % 56+16+7+11+2+1+7+N Sourcing analysis  US – 53%  Far East (inc. China) – 20%  Italy – 10%  UK – 8%  Other Europe – 3%  Canada – 2%  Mexico – 2%  Australia – 1 %  South America – 1 % 53+2+2+8+10+3+1+1+20+N What Tyman sells  Hardware – 45%  Sealing – 17%  Balances – 11 %  Operators – 9%  Speciality access products – 9%  Polymer extrusion – 4%  Industrial and restoration – 4%  Metal forming – 1 % 45+9+17+11+1+4+9+4+N  Manufacturers of doors and windows – 73%  Distributors and wholesalers – 19%  Other industrial uses – 8% Who Tyman sells to 73+19+8+N Find out more at: www.tymanplc.com 05 Optimising our footprint  Significant progress made in  rationalising the Group footprint  AmesburyTruth site  ERA site  SchlegelGiesse site  Bilco site  Ashland site  ISC third party warehouse  Manufacturing site  Sourcing/distribution site  Site rationalisation announced Tyman’s North American Division operates  as AmesburyTruth. AmesburyTruth is a prominent manufacturer  of window and door hardware components,  extrusions and sealing systems. With  manufacturing and distribution capabilities  throughout North America, new facilities Tyman plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 06 Strategic report Governance and Directors’ report Financial statements Differentiated  strategic focus Chairman’s statement This is my first statement since my  appointment as Chairman of Tyman in  May of last year in succession to Jamie Pike.  Tyman has again demonstrated its resilience  in producing a solid set of results for 2017  and a further year of profitable growth,  assisted by increased contributions from  the Bilco and Giesse businesses purchased  in 2016 and by further margin expansion  in the enlarged SchlegelGiesse business.  These results were achieved despite the  Group encountering some challenges during  the year. Operational issues in Juarez, Mexico  took longer to resolve than expected, there  was some short term market share loss in  AmesburyTruth and subdued market conditions  continued in the United Kingdom.  In 2017, alongside its regular agenda items,  the Board has spent considerable time on  four key topics: how the Board operates,  succession planning, Group strategy and  health and safety. How the Board operates The Board conducted an externally facilitated  evaluation during the year, with a focus on  how the Board and its associated Committees  operate, the results of which are summarised  in the Corporate governance section on  pages 56 to 60. This exercise has proved useful  in that it confirmed the open and collegiate  culture of the Group Board while providing  specific direction for improvement of the  Board’s processes in the future. A solid set of results with good cash generation  demonstrating the Group’s resilience. Please join us on 10 May 2018 in  Wolverhampton to see first hand  how one of Tyman’s Divisions is  delivering our commitment to  operational excellence.” Martin Towers Non-executive Chairman Martin Towers Non-executive Chairman Find out more at: www.tymanplc.com 07 Board priorities 2017 has seen the Board focus on four  key areas: • How the Board operates  • Succession planning • Group strategy • Health and safety  7 March 2018 Tyman plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 08 Strategic report Governance and Directors’ report Financial statements Focusing on our strengths Chief Executive Officer’s review 2017 saw a further year of profitable growth  for the Group with increased contributions  from the Bilco and Giesse acquisitions,  and continued favourable exchange rates  on translation. Footprint projects in each of the Divisions  progressed well such that the Group has the  safe, modern and flexible facilities necessary  to support our customers’ needs, increase  our product quality and improve our  service levels.  Reported Revenue and Underlying  Operating Profit increased by 14.2 and  10.0 per cent respectively, principally due  to the Bilco and Giesse acquisitions and  favourable exchange rates on translation.  On a constant currency like for like basis,  Revenue increased by 1.7 per cent in the  year and Underlying Operating Profit  decreased by 1.5 per cent. Cash generation was lower than in recent  years  due to targeted investment in working  capital and continued investment in the  balance sheet, including gross capital  expenditure at 1.27x Depreciation. The  Group remains cash generative and  Leverage at the year end of 1.83x was again  comfortably back within the Group’s core  year-end target range of 1.50x to 2.00x. ROCE decreased slightly in the year to  13.6 per cent, with the Group continuing  to target achieving a ROCE of 15.0 per cent  over the medium term. The Group has again demonstrated its resilience  in producing a solid set of results. Louis Eperjesi Chief Executive Officer Find out more at: www.tymanplc.com 09 2018 priorities Tyman’s key priorities for 2018 are an  extension of the themes that the Group has  developed over the past few years and include: 1. Health and safety The Group’s health and safety performance  in the past two years has been disappointing,  despite the significant investment made in  both time and resources dedicated to health  and safety functions in