 4 | Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report | Chairman’s Statement In 2018, our focus is very much on strategy  delivery and performance management.  We are concentrating on those things which  we can control and we are prioritising the  performance of our existing businesses over  expansion. We are confident that the shape  of the business we now have is the right one  to deliver growth over time and achieve our  strategic goals.  Meanwhile, we have continued to revise and  refresh our approach to risk management to  ensure that we have a stronger framework in  place as we pursue our strategic objectives.  In 2017 , we focused on embedding our  redesigned process. The risk management  framework makes a positive contribution to  good decision-making and business growth  and will be even stronger for the lessons  learnt last year. Your Board discussed all  aspects of our perceived risk exposure,  with particular emphasis on process safety,  political pressures, strategic delivery, cyber- security, capability development and  leadership succession.  Inextricably linked to leadership succession  is our approach to the attraction and  retention of key people, a component of  which relates to their remuneration. This year  we are putting a new Remuneration Policy to  the vote at our Annual General Meeting and  have sought, through extensive dialogue,  to understand and reflect the evolving  consensus of the body of our investor base.  We recognise in our recommended Policy  an increasing investor discomfort with  reward for input if and when performance  outcomes are lagging. So, we are proposing that annual bonuses  should be more closely tied to shareholder  experience, regardless of the quality and  intensity of the Executive team efforts. Longer- term reward remains very much aligned to the  fortunes of shareholders, with deferred stock- based schemes ensuring that only sustained  performance and growth is rewarded. But to  strengthen this link further, we are proposing  to add a Total Shareholder Return measure  to the Long Term Incentive Plan. More details  are set out in the revised Remuneration Policy  on pages 90 to 97 of this report. Throughout 2017 , our Executive team  worked tirelessly to deliver the first phase of  the strategic transformation and, in the eyes  of your Board, exceeded our expectations  in their ability to close difficult divestments,  navigate complex changes in the  organisation in a very sensitive manner and  bring home promised efficiency gains three  years ahead of schedule. But that good  strategic work was overshadowed by the  disappointed expectations of short-term  performance and the impact of UK  government pressure, with the net result of  a significant fall in the value of your Company. Our current Remuneration Policy would  have resulted in significant annual bonuses,  though considerably less 6 | Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report | Group Chief Executive’s Statement What we are doing is not a radical departure  from our roots; it is a natural extension  of who we are and what we are good at.  Through installing boilers, heating systems  and their controllers we have always been  in the ‘home energy management’ business.  Our development of Hive, starting with the  digital thermostat and the intelligent boiler,  is the next phase in the evolution of home  energy management and a direct extension  of our in-home services business.  We are finding that consumers want these  propositions and are willing to pay for them.  We are also finding that many customers  value receiving these services from the same  provider as their energy supply. The same  principles apply to our business customers.  The new propositions and services we have  developed are not a distraction or somehow  unrelated to our legacy businesses. They are  at the heart of what our legacy offerings have  to incorporate and what the most valuable  customer segments are demanding. In our Consumer division, revenues have  been stable and unit gross margins are  attractive. We did see a fall of 1.35 million  customer accounts during 2017 . We have  made active choices on which channels  and customer segments we are seeking  to engage, retain and serve. We do not like  losing any customers but most of these  customer accounts generated very low  gross margin and were loss-making at the  operating profit level. In contrast, while we have seen some losses  in higher value accounts, in 2017 we were  successful in encouraging a net approximately  700,000 UK energy accounts from the  SVT to our fixed-term tariffs. We have seen  material growth in new services and  relationships. We saw 18% growth in  protection plans in the US. In Connected  Home we saw cumulative installed hubs  grow by 71% to 900,000 over 2017 . We  exceeded our target of 1.5 million products  sold. Connected Home continues to grow  in all of our energy supply geographies, and  our first international partnership with Eni  gas e luce in Italy will see its full commercial  launch in April. Our Local Heroes scheme has grown rapidly  from its launch at the beginning of last year.  We now have 7 ,000 tradespeople signed  up, backed by our guarantee, and we have  now completed over 25,000 jobs. This on- demand offer continues to accelerate and it  complements our own contract relationships  through British Gas. We have also seen the number of British Gas  services accounts deliver the first year of  stability since 2010. Accounts grew by  77 ,000 in the