 6  Clay bricks 7  Flo o r ing  T-Beams 8  C o n c r e te  Lintels 9  Arches and  Heads 10 Retaining walls 11  C o n c r e te  fencing  products 12  Ins p e c t i o n  chambers 13  C opi n gs 14 Clay paving 15 Walling stone 5 6 8 11 10 2 7 4 1 3 12 15 13 14 8 9 Ibstock plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 03 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements Other information Where we operate 253 254 265 2015 2016 2017 77 91 89 2015 2016 2017 Clay bricks Special shapes Provincetown   Extruded Brick Clay pavers Cut and bond Urban Grey Klaycoat Arches StoneFit Glacier Frost Faststack   chimneys Brick  engraving Black Pearl Our brands and products United Kingdom United States Description Ibstock Brick is the leading manufacturer  by volume of clay bricks sold in the UK.  Key markets New build housing, repairs, maintenance  and improvement (RMI) and commercial. Description Ibstock Kevington is the UK’s biggest  manufacturer of brick special shapes  and components. Key markets Repairs, maintenance and improvement  (RMI), New build housing and commercial. Description Glen-Gery is a leading manufacturer of  bricks by volume of despatches in the  North-East and Mid-West regions of the  United States. Key markets Housebuilders, repairs, maintenance  and improvement (RMI), distributors  and specification.  Revenue £m Revenue £m Key products Key products Key products Key area Clay bricks Key area Brick and special shapes UK Key area Bricks Annual Report and Accounts 2017 04 Ibstock plc Our business at a glance continued 83 91 97 2015 2016 2017 Slope-loc concrete Concrete roof tile Rooflight and  accessories Flooring T-beams Concrete fencing Concrete fencing Concrete lintels  and padstones Reconstructed   stone walling Cast Stone Key stone Rail trough United Kingdom  Description Supreme is a leading manufacturer of  concrete fencing products, concrete lintels  and general concrete building products. Key markets Builders merchants, housebuilders,  fencing contractors and stockists. Description Anderton Concrete is the UK market  leader in the supply of lineside cable  housing systems for railway and  infrastructure projects, as well as a major  supplier of retaining walling, fencing and  structural components for the wider  building industry.  Key markets Railway agencies and contractors,  builders merchants and fencing stockists. Description Forticrete is a leading manufacturer of  concrete substitutes for natural stone  walling, dressings and concrete roof tiles. Key markets Roofing contractors, repairs, maintenance  and improvement (RMI), new build housing,  builders merchants and specification. Revenue £m Key products Key products Key products Key area Concrete substitutes Key area Concrete fencing Key area Retaining walls and lineside cable housing Ibstock plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 05 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements Other information 2018 has been another year  of progress with the Group  performing in line with the  Board’s expectations. Overview The demand for our products has again  been strongly supported by good activity  levels across the UK new housebuilding  market. Market-wide demand has been  such that our customers have on occasion  faced extended waiting times for some of  our products, especially soft mud bricks  and roof tiles. This reduced availability  underpins the Group’s strategy to increase  capacity and highlights the importance of  the Board’s decisions to invest in our new  soft mud brick factory in Leicestershire  and roof tile line in Leighton Buzzard.  The Board is responsible for the  governance of the Group, and we  recognise its crucial role in helping Ibstock  deliver our long–term success. I should  draw your attention to my Corporate  Governance statement on page 44,  which summarises our progress in this  area during 2017 when we achieved  compliance for the full year with the UK  Corporate Governance Code. However,  I am conscious of the ever evolving  regulations and guidance surrounding  corporate governance, and so we have  sought to enhance our disclosures  within the Strategic Report in light of  these changes.  Board changes As a Board we have consistently focused  on succession planning as one of our  most important activities. In October 2017 , we announced that  Wayne Sheppard, Group CEO, had  notified the Board of his intention to retire  in 2018 and that Joe Hudson would join  the Board as CEO designate in early 2018.  Wayne has been instrumental in Ibstock’s  success. As CEO, he has led the Group  through a successful IPO and delivered  strong growth. I wish him well in his  retirement and on behalf of the Board  and the shareholders I thank him for his  efforts and significant achievements. I am absolutely delighted that we have  managed to secure the appointment of  someone of Joe’s calibre and experience.  His track record of performance at  Aggregate Industries and Lafarge Holcim  has been outstanding and we look forward  to him leading Ibstock through the next  stage of its development. In addition to the CEO change, the  composition of our Non-Executive  Directors also altered during 2017 . As reported in last year’s Annual Report  and Accounts, Justin Read joined our  Board as an independent Non-Executive  Director from 1 January 2017 . Since his  appointment, Justin has provided a wealth  of experience that has been of great  benefit to Ibstock as we continue to  develop our business.  Matthias Boyer Chammard and Michel  Plantevin, who were representatives of  Bain Capital Europe, resigned from the  Board in May 2017 and did not seek  reappointment at the 2017 Annual General 