 06 Stock Spirits Group PLC  Annual Report & Accounts 2017  share (2016: 19.62 €cents per share, which also  included a special dividend of 11.90 €cents per  share). The adjusted free cashflow conversion of  the Company continues to be a strength and at  86.3% (2016: 94.1%) remains robust. The dividend  policy has been revisited and the Board is moving  from the 35% of net free cashflow (free cashflow  after investments) approach outlined at IPO, in  favour of progressive dividends where cashflow  permits. We also reiterate our commitment  to return surplus cash to shareholders should  no meaningful capital investment or M&A  opportunities arise.  People At the time of our interim results, we announced  that Lesley Jackson, our Chief Financial Officer  (CFO), would be retiring and would be replaced  by Paul Bal. I would like to personally thank Lesley  for her hard work and dedication to Stock Spirits;  she took the Company through the IPO and has  worked tirelessly over the years. Paul took office in  November 2017 and has made a great start in the  Company and I look forward to working with him  more in the future. Randy Pankevicz, Non-Executive Director, notified  the Board of his resignation as a Director of the  Company to enable him to focus on his personal  investments. He does not intend to seek re- election at the forthcoming AGM. The Board would like to thank Mr Pankevicz for  his contribution to the Company over the last two  years and wish him well for the future. Governance The retirement of Lesley and the appointment of  Paul as CFO was the only Board change in the year. Following the more extensive changes to the Board  in 2016, the new members have been fully engaged  not only in the strategic review process but have  also made significant and valuable contributions in  all Board matters. I am pleased with the results.   All Board Committee compositions are fully  compliant with the Corporate Governance Code.  26 Stock Spirits Group PLC  Annual Report & Accounts 2017  Group financial performance Evidence of stabilisation and turnaround is in  the results: growth in volume, share, revenues,  profitability and cashflow. The balance sheet  strengthened further, as net debt was reduced,   and financing facilities were extended. Turnaround in Poland Our first focus was embedding the changes  initiated in 2016, chiefly under the “Root &  Branch review”. This included strengthening  and optimising our entire business to better  compete in an intensely competitive market.  To keep competitive, we had to further engage  in the pricing re-alignment that the market has  experienced since 2014, as our primary competitor  continued an aggressive pricing strategy. Working  with customers, we adjusted pricing architecture  on selected products to stay competitive in on- shelf pricing. This, along with better execution in  the trade, is the major driver of 2017’s results.  We continued to grow share in volume and value  since December 2016, while monitoring the  clearly divergent strategies, not to mention mixed  fortunes, of our two main competitors. Whilst these results are encouraging, we remain  vigilant and the market, though stable, has yet to   see upward pricing, as the market leader remains  highly competitive.  The economy supported growth, with rising average  incomes. Though the Government will restrict  Sunday trading in 2018, we expect limited impact.  The vodka market continues to grow, and it  remains, by far, the largest spirits category. Clear  vodka is the main variant. Despite the aggressive  pricing in economy and mainstream segments,  consumers are up-trading to more premium and  prestige brands, reflecting growing affluence.  We benefit from this, given our brands’ strong  positions in premium price segments. Flavoured  vodka has traditionally seen less premiumisation  and so represents an opportunity, particularly as it  grows ahead of the overall vodka category. The traditional trade remains the key vodka trade  channel, and one competitor’s effective withdrawal  from direct involvement in this prominent channel  presents another 54 Stock Spirits Group PLC  Annual Report & Accounts 2017  Introduction  This report explains key features of the Company’s governance structure to provide a greater understanding of how the main  principles of the UK Corporate Governance Code, published in 2016 by the Financial Reporting Council (the Code), have  been applied, and to highlight areas of focus during the year. The report also includes items required by the Disclosure and  Transparency Rules. A copy of the Code can be obtained at www.frc.org.uk. Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code The Company has complied with the provisions of the Code in this financial year. Governance overview The Board is collectively responsible to the shareholders for the long-term success of the Company. The Board has delegated  certain responsibilities to Board Committees to assist it with discharging its duties. The Board Committees play an essential  role in supporting the Board to implement its vision and strategy, and to provide focused oversight of key aspects of the  business. The full terms of reference for each Committee are available on the Company’s website www.stockspirits.com. How the Board works The Board  The Company is led and controlled by the Board. The names, responsibilities and details of the current Directors   appointed to the Board are set out on pages 52 and 53. The Board agrees the strategic direction and governance   structure that will help achieve the long-term success of the Company and deliver shareholder value. The Board takes   the lead in areas such as strategy, financial policy and ensuring the Company maintains a sound system of internal control.   The