 02 | Hastings at a glance a strong  culture... We invest in and listen to our colleagues so they  are encouraged to be who they are, make  decisions and contribute and thrive at Hastings. incredibly supportive in  my development. I have  two new roles – one as  mother to James and the  other leading Underwriting  Services – both are equally  Managing Director – Underwriting Services Our 4Cs  Doing the right thing for our 4Cs –  colleagues, customers, company and  community – drives our decision  making at Hastings. Our 4Cs ways of  working guides us as we continue to  grow a sustainable and financially  stable Group in a responsible manner. Our 4Cs ways of working  Our belief is that if we provide our colleagues with the  right tools, leadership, training, environment, systems,  premises and information they will be able to do more for  our customers who will, in turn, buy more from us, enabling  us to grow the business profi tably and in a sustained way.  This allows us to invest in the communities we serve and be  a responsible member of the fi nancial services community.  We use the 4Cs to measure performance and success as  individuals and as a Group, so we have a clear, consistent  and balanced approach to delivering our objectives. Discover more about our  corporate responsibility 36–42  | 03 Strategic report Other information Financial statements Corporate governance Annual Report 2017 Hastings Group Holdings plc Creating opportunities  Sam Turner Quality Assessor  …and 20  years’  experience…  “ Hastings not only provided me with a varied,  rewarding career path – from Customer  Representative to Quality Assessor – it’s where  I met my husband and we’re also celebrating  20 12 | Chairman’s statement In anticipation of Gary’s appointment  as Chairman, Toby van der Meer, who  has been the Managing Director of  the Company’s UK trading subsidiary,  Hastings Insurance Services Limited  since 2011, will be appointed to the  Board with effect from 1 March 2018 as  Chief Executive Officer. Toby has played  a pivotal role in the significant growth  and development of the Group’s retail  business over the past six years and is a  well respected leader within the Group.  I congratulate both Gary and Toby on  their appointments.  In my statement last year, I explained  that on 1 March 2017, Rand Merchant  Investment Holdings Limited (RMI),  a South African investment holding  company acquired 29.9% of the  Company’s issued share capital. Under  the terms of a relationship agreement  between RMI and the Company, as  long as RMI holds at least 15% of the  Company’s issued share capital, RMI is  entitled to appoint one Director to the  Company’s Board. Herman Bosman,  Chief Executive Officer of RMI was  appointed as a Director of the Company  on 14 March 2017 and at the same time;  Michele Titi-Cappelli (representative of  the Goldman Sachs Shareholders) and  Edward Fitzmaurice (representative of  the Founder Shareholders), resigned  as Directors. On behalf of the Board, I welcome  Herman as a Director who brings a  wealth of experience in the insurance  and banking sectors. In August this year,  Richard Brewster, also a representative of  the Founder Shareholders, resigned as a  Director. He was succeeded by Founder  Shareholder nominee, Selina Sagayam in  August this year. I express my gratitude  to Michele, Edward and Richard for their  contribution as Directors of the Company  and welcome Selina.  The diversity of the Board was also  reviewed by the Nomination Committee  and a detailed explanation of the  14 | Chief Executive Officer’s Q&A Q Tell us more about how you will  achieve your new targets?  A We set ourselves four targets at the time  of the IPO and we refreshed these in  March 2017. Our targets include a growth  target: to have 3 million customers  during 2019; a risk target: to deliver a  calendar year loss ratio within the range  of 75 - 79%; and two cash and capital  targets: to reduce our net debt leverage  multiple to 1.0x during 2019, and to  continue paying a healthy dividend with  a payout ratio of between 50% and 60%. We’ve continued to make good progress  in executing our growth strategy, with  a 13% increase in policy numbers  throughout 2017, and are very confident  of meeting our target of 3 million  customers during 2019. The majority of our planned growth  will come from our core motor book,  with continued momentum from an  increasing share of price comparison  websites (PCW) sales, a profitable  maturing book and the launch of a  new multicar proposition in 2018 which  will be enabled by the implementation  of Guidewire.  We are continuing to see more  customers using PCW to buy their  insurance and we have been able to  apply our successful approach in motor  to the home insurance market. We now  have over 2.6 million customers and we  started underwriting home insurance  ourselves as a lead insurer in small  volumes earlier this year. Q It’s been a year since RMI  acquired 29.9% of the Company.  How has the relationship  evolved?  A The transaction with RMI concluded  on 1 March 2017, and represents a  real statement of intent and long term  confidence in Hastings. Since then,  Herman Bosman, the Chief Executive  Officer of RMI has joined our Board and  attended many board meetings and 