 Financial Statements 33 View more on our website   www.valirx.com ValiRx plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 01 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Looking towards the future  • I am pleased to report that our research,  understanding and ambition to find more  effective solutions to the treatment of  cancer have moved on substantially in 2017.  • The progress of our core clinical products,  VAL201 and VAL401 has been substantial  and both have reached significant value  inflection points. The current momentum  and exciting trajectory of both compounds  offer potential investors an investable  proposition and an attractive offering   to joint venture partners. • A particularly noteworthy achievement by  the Company in the reporting period was  the successful completion of the VAL401  Phase ll clinical study in patients with late  stage non-small cell lung cancer, the most  common form of lung cancer. • During the period, we saw consistent  progress made with our VAL201 therapeutic,  culminating in receiving approval from  the UK Medicines and Healthcare Products  Regulatory Agency and the Research Ethics  Committee to substantially expand and  accelerate the trial for locally advanced  or metastatic prostate cancer. This gives  the trial increased flexibility and speed for  reaching therapeutic levels and to reduce  disease progression. • The integration of our clinical in-house  team with a board of oncologists and  clinical nurse specialists has been providing  valuable insight into how we can more  rapidly bring safe, efficacious, therapeutic  and palliative medicines to cancer patients  to meet hitherto unmet needs in rapidly  growing markets. • The Company has also progressed the pre- clinical pipeline. The programmes currently  consist of VAL301, which is derived from the  formulation of VAL201 and the compound  VAL101, which is derived from our GeneICE  technology platform. The Company is very  much looking forward to taking the next  generation of therapeutics ValiRx plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT In my report for the year ended  31 December 2016, I informed  our shareholders that we were  making important strides in  growing our internal R&D  capabilities, such that we remain  at the forefront of personalised  and precision medicine.  I am pleased to report that our research,  understanding and ambition to find more  effective solutions to the treatment of cancer  have moved on further since then. The  integration of our in-house team with an  advisory board of oncologists and clinical   nurse specialists has been providing valuable  insight into how we can more rapidly bring   safe, efficacious, therapeutic and palliative  medicines to cancer patients to meet hitherto  unmet needs. In 2017, we saw consistent progress made  with our first therapeutic. VAL201 continued  to demonstrate high safety and tolerability,  as well as preliminary therapeutic activity  throughout the clinical study, culminating in  receiving approval from the UK Medicines and  Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency and  the Research Ethics Committee to substantially  raise the dosing level in patients with locally  advanced or metastatic prostate cancer in  order to reach therapeutic levels and reduce  disease progression. This is a testament to the  appetite for new drugs devoid of the serious side  effects reported with current prostate cancer  treatments, in particular complete and general  androgen hormone deprivation. We look forward  to reporting on the clinical trial as it progresses  throughout this current year. In parallel, we continued to advance the  reformulation of VAL201 into VAL301 for the  treatment of Endometriosis, a painful and  debilitating gynaecological condition with high  unmet clinical needs. We have established from  our pre-clinical studies that VAL201’s specific  mode of action also has the potential to provide  a potent therapeutic effect to manage the  symptoms compound’s entry into the clinic. ValiRx plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 14 This excellent and very positive breakthrough  was boosted after the period end, when further  collected data showed that the VAL401 treatment  has also measurable improvement on patient’s  quality of life. Together, the results advocate the  potential for VAL401 in treating very late stage  cancer patients in the palliative arena. This data  also implies the potential for VAL401, in the as  yet untested combinations with, both traditional  chemotherapies and immune-oncology  treatments. Palliative stage patients could  expect to see an improvements in symptoms  with VAL401 treatment, together with improved  survival prospects. The results seen in this first  all-comer trial, provides a strong foundation for  VAL401’s next stage of clinical testing.  With the lung cancer market projected to be  valued at USD 7.9 billion in 2020 at a CAGR of  6.6%, the Company continues to be in discussion  with a number of large pharmaceutical  companies who are looking to fill their pipelines  in this important unmet medical therapeutic area. VAL201 Excellent Safety and tolerability data together  with early efficacy data leads to enhancement of  the VAL201 Dose Escalation Clinical Study During 2017, the VAL201 clinical trial has  demonstrated an excellent safety and tolerability  profile. In addition, the treatments of patients with  the compound showed early signs of efficacy  with relatively low doses. Based on these results  and in December 2017, ValiRx received MHRA  approval for the enhancement of its VAL201 dose  escalation and expansion clinical trial.  The year ending in December  2017 has been of profound  importance to ValiRx. Not only did  the Company see its two clinical  compounds make exciting strides  forward through the year, but it  also saw those advances culminate  towards the end