 comparative measures is on page 33. 02 Just group PLC Annual Report and accounts 2017 At a Glance Leaders in our markets. We positively  disrupt markets where we can become  a leader, deliver great outcomes for  customers and achieve high-quality  returns for shareholders We are a specialist in our chosen markets serving four distinct groups… Individuals: Providing   retirement income People who have built up pension savings throughout  their career and want a guaranteed income, flexible  income or a combination in retirement. Homeowners: Accessing property wealth People aged 60+ who want to access wealth locked   up in their property. Corporate clients: Solving   problems for companies We develop scalable retirement-focused solutions   for banks, building societies, life assurance companies,  pension scheme trustees, other corporate clients   and for their customers, clients and members. >£1 trillion £2.5 trillion Integrated  retirement  services Market value of Defined Contribution  pension savings Property wealth owned by people aged 55 Trustees and scheme sponsors:  Providing member security and   de-risking pension liabilities Defined benefit pension schemes de-risking their  liabilities by securing member benefits with   an insurance contract. >£600 Billion Addressable market At a Glance 03 STRATEGIC REPORT Just group PLC Annual Report and accounts 2017 … with products and services Defined Benefit De-risking  Solutions (“DB”) Solutions for pension scheme trustees  to reduce the financial risks of operating  pension schemes and increase certainty that  members’ pensions will be paid in the future. Just’s innovative approach using individual  medical underwriting in this segment delivers  better prices for trustees. Guaranteed Income  for Life (“GIfL”) A solution for individuals/couples who   want the security of knowing they will receive  a guaranteed income for life. By using our unrivalled intellectual property,  Just provides an individually tailored  solution providing Competitive position: A leader Developing 04 Just group PLC Annual Report and accounts 2017 growing  markets A sustainable model   in growing markets Chairman’s Statement I am pleased to introduce Just Group plc’s  2017 Annual Report. The Company has once  again produced a strong set of results. The Group has a robust strategy, a strong  management team and we enjoy a  competitive advantage based on our  hard-to-replicate intellectual property. We  are focused on some of the most attractive  growing markets in the retirement sector  and we are confident this growth will  continue, given the strong structural drivers  supporting it. Just has a strong social purpose and by  providing people with advice, guidance,  products and services, we help them achieve  security, certainty and peace of mind in later  life. We believe everyone deserves a fair,  fulfilling and secure retirement. This is possible because our Board is focused  on building a sustainable business and using  our capital wisely. This focus ensures we are  always able to keep the promises that we  have made to our customers. Profit growth continues Participating in economically attractive  growing markets enables us to be selective in  the risks we choose to write and this has  enabled us to improve our margins and grow  profits, rather than pursue headline sales  growth in search of market share. I am delighted that we have been able to  exceed the synergy benefits we targeted  from the merger and deliver them one year  ahead of plan. The cost efficiency achieved  from the merger has contributed significantly  to improved margins, as explained in more  detail in the Financial Review. Dividend Despite the challenging external  environment, Just has delivered another  strong operating and financial performance,  driven in particular by our focus on disciplined  pricing and risk selection. The Board proposes  a final dividend of 2.55 pence per share, a  most talented individuals. 14 Just group PLC Annual Report and accounts 2017 FOCUSED ON  GROWING  PROFITS We are focused on growing   profits and in 2017 have delivered  increasing new business margins   and profits Introduction I am pleased to present my CEO Statement  for 2017. This year marks the first full year’s  results post-merger (for the combined two  predecessor businesses, now reporting  as Just Group plc), and I am immensely  proud of all we have achieved. We have  demonstrated that we can adapt and  respond to the changing retirement and  regulatory landscapes to meet the needs of  our customers, deliver improved margins,  sustainable growth in profits and, in doing  so, created value for our shareholders.  Performance review We compete in attractive growth markets  and our strategy is focused on growing  profits not headline sales. Expanding markets  enable us to achieve profitable growth as  selecting the most attractive risks is easier  when there is more business to choose from.  During 2017 we have improved margins and  delivered significant growth in new business  operating profit and adjusted operating  profit. New business operating profit was  £169.8m for 2017, an increase of 37%  compared to the prior year, and adjusted  operating profit before tax grew in the same  period by 35% and was £220.6m. IFRS profit  before tax for 2017 was £181.3m, an increase  of 5% compared to 2016. In addition, we have delivered synergy  benefits of £52m on a run rate basis from the  merger which is in excess of both our original  target of £40m and our revised target of  £45m. This has contributed materially to the  Group’s new business profitability.  Our product range across Retirement Income,  Drawdown and Lifetime Mortgages is well  established and presents a comprehensive  offering to at-retirement and in-retirement  customers. During