 249229 Camellia R&A pp01-pp19  18/04/2018  18:12  Page 4 5 I am pleased to report the results for 2017, which reﬂect a proﬁt for the year of £28.6 million (2016: loss £5.9 million); this includes the previously disclosed exceptional gain on the sale of Duncan Lawrie’s UK asset management business of £19.2 million, about which more is set out in the Chief Financial Oﬃcer’s report. There were no other signiﬁcant changes to the Group structure in the year; however in line with our strategy and as set out in more detail in the Chief Executive’s report, we made a small acquisition of a packet tea business in India during the year and since the year end we have acquired a majority shareholding in Jing Tea. Jing Tea is a UK based distributor of branded speciality teas to the retail and food service sectors internationally.  In pursuing our strategic objectives, we have decided to sell two of our smaller engineering businesses, BMT (Great Yarmouth) and GU Cutting and Grinding, although the sales have yet to complete. More details are provided in the Chief Executive’s report.  Trading in 2017 was mixed with a weak start being followed by a much better second half. Our tea operations performed well as good yields combined with an improving tea price as the year progressed. However, for the second year running, the macadamia crop was impacted by drought which led to disappointing volumes. Our speciality crops continue to provide an excellent return which once again demonstrates the beneﬁts of our diversiﬁed agricultural strategy. Elsewhere, as previously disclosed, our associate BF&M reported a signiﬁcant reduction in proﬁtability as a result of the two major hurricanes in September 2017. Camellia is a business with operations across a number of geographical areas, particularly in emerging markets, all of which are vulnerable to a global political atmosphere which is relatively unstable by recent historical standards. Furthermore, changing weather patterns led to a severe drought in the Cape and Kenya, ﬂooding in Bangladesh and an unprecedented hurricane season in the Caribbean. It is a credit to our staﬀ across the world that they continue to operate successfully in the face of these challenges. Board Members I was delighted to announce the appointment of Gautam Dalal to the Board as a non-executive Director with eﬀect from 1 March. Gautam’s wide experience of the markets in which we operate will be of great beneﬁt to the executive team. Dividend Your Board is recommending a ﬁnal dividend of 98p per share which, together with the interim dividend already paid of 37p per share, brings the total distribution for the year to 135p per share compared with 130p per share for 2016. Outlook As so much of our result depends on crop volumes in the second half of the year it is not possible to forecast outturns with any degree of conﬁdence. However, early signs of a better macadamia crop, some good prices for tea in the ﬁrst quarter of 2018 and continuing strength in our UK markets 6 249229 Camellia R&A pp01-pp19  18/04/2018  18:12  Page 6 7 CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT BUSINESS STRATEGY The overall Group strategy, which is set out on page 20, remains unchanged with each division expected to perform against an agreed divisional strategy with goals and targets for the short, medium and long term. These are summarised below: Agriculture ■ To focus on our core crops of tea, macadamia and avocado where we have scale and geographic spread. Where appropriate opportunities arise, to add to our production capability in these three crops, as well as to make aligned acquisitions and investments to enable us to capture more of the value chain. ■ To maintain and potentially to grow our portfolio of non-core crops in order to retain the diversity of location and crop which has historically proved so valuable in shielding the Group from the impact of climate change and commodity price ﬂuctuations. ■ To utilise our agricultural expertise to make the most of the estates that we already have and to develop new estates where possible and appropriate. Agriculture is the largest division and is the area where we see the best long term investment opportunities for the Group. This will remain our focus for future investment. Engineering Engineering North. To take advantage of the recovering oil sector whilst diversifying into adjacent sectors in order to create a sustainably proﬁtable engineering business. Engineering South. To continue to grow Abbey Metal Finishing and its joint venture in Germany, Atﬁn, as quality suppliers to the aerospace industry. XiMo. To ﬁnd new investors to take the technology to the next phase in its development.   Food Service ACS&T. To continue to operate as a high quality business in the storage and distribution of frozen foods, aiming to achieve critical mass by proﬁtable growth and if appropriate, acquisition.  Aﬃsh and Wylax. To establish a sustainably proﬁtable business model that works in the European ﬁsh distribution market. Investments Investment Portfolio. The Group has a portfolio, principally of listed investments, the strategy for which remains to invest in high quality companies where we believe that there is long term value. This portfolio also enables us to balance our geographic risk exposure. Investment Property. The strategy is to continue to invest in quality assets where an appropriate yield may be realised. The process of developing some of our existing properties to enhance yield will continue. Collections. The Group has collections of art, philately and manuscripts which are regularly reviewed and are added to or sold as appropriate. Associates The Group has three associate companies in the ﬁnancial services sector of which BF&M, the listed Bermudian insurance business, is the most signiﬁcant. With all our associates, we continually monitor our investment and may increase or decrease our holding in the future. CAMELLIA PLC 249229 Camellia R&A pp01-pp19  18/04/2018  18:12  Page 7 CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT CAMELLIA PLC 8 PERFORMANCE Agriculture Tea Production 2017 saw the Group’s