 Highlights Destiny Pharma is focused and well funded Financial statements Governance Strategic report Destiny Pharma plc  Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 01 The successful IPO in September 2017 means  that Destiny Pharma plc is now well placed to  develop its novel drug pipeline. Introduction I am very pleased as Chairman to  contribute this introduction to Destiny  Pharma’s first Annual Report as an AIM  company. The successful listing in  September 2017 was clearly a major  achievement and the concurrent  fundraising of over £15 million means  that Destiny Pharma is now very well  placed to continue to develop much  needed novel, anti-infective drugs such  as its lead asset XF-73 and also to  progress the earlier pipeline. The listing could not have been  achieved without the hard work and  support of Destiny Pharma’s past and  present Board, shareholders, advisers  and employees. Destiny Pharma was  one of only two biotech companies to  list in London in 2017 and it is a great  credit to the tenacity of the whole  Destiny Pharma team, and the  potential value in the novel drug  development pipeline, that Destiny  Pharma secured the listing. At the  same time, Destiny Pharma signed a  collaboration with China Medical  Systems (“CMS”) who became a major  investor and also a key partner in the  greater China region. On behalf of  Destiny Pharma, I welcome CMS as an  investor and partner and also its Board  representative, Dr Huaizheng Peng,  who is a strong addition to the Destiny  Pharma Board. Destiny Pharma is now well placed to  continue the clinical development of  its lead asset into Phase 2 studies and  will also look at opportunities to  collaborate and develop its earlier  assets. There is clearly a global need  for new anti-infective drugs that are  effective and reduce the growing  danger of antimicrobial resistance  (“AMR”). Destiny Pharma is committed  to continue working to address this  significant market need.  The Board of Destiny Pharma would  particularly like to thank the new and  existing investors who supported the  IPO funding and continue to support  Destiny Pharma as a newly quoted  company. I would also like to thank our  employees for their ongoing efforts  to ensure that Destiny Pharma delivers  its IPO strategy. Together with the  Board, we are all committed to  building a valuable drug development  company. We are looking forward to  2018 and are confident in the outlook  for Destiny Pharma plc. Sir Nigel Rudd Non-executive Chairman 11 April 2018 Acinetobacter baumannii  infections have become  increasingly difficult to treat  because of the emergence of  strains that are resistant to  all drugs. Chairman’s statement Destiny Pharma plc  Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 02 In its infancy, the company predominantly carried out  contract research for large pharmaceutical companies,  including Novartis. Between its incorporation and 2003,  the company worked in three main areas of research: • novel surfaces to improve hip implantation; • surface bound photodynamic agents; and • antimicrobial photodynamic agents. Destiny Pharma had a major breakthrough in 2003 when  its innovative research created a new anti-bacterial drug  platform, the XF drugs. Unlike antibiotics, XF drugs have  demonstrated the remarkable quality of not generating  bacterial resistance. In September 2017, Destiny Pharma was admitted to  AIM raising over £15 million and also signed a collaboration  with China Medical Systems who invested a further  £3 million in December 2017. In February 2018, Destiny  Pharma announced that it had successfully opened its first  IND in the USA, has been awarded fast-track status and  was commencing the planned clinical programme. Phase 2  studies are on track to start later in 2018 and report data  in 2019. Destiny Pharma’s business was  founded by the current Chief  Scientific Officer, Dr Bill Love, in  1997 to identify and generate high  value pharmaceutical intellectual  property. It is headquartered at  the Sussex Innovation Centre at  The University of Sussex in  Brighton, UK. 2017  Additional £3 million  investment from CMS   and signing of CMS  collaboration 2017  IPO raises £15.3 million 