 4D pharma at a Glance Leaders in an  emerging field We are well positioned to turn world-class microbiome science into safer new  therapies for patients. 4D has grown from pioneering microbiome research to the  only integrated, world-leading Live Biotherapeutics company. Watch our new video: 4dpharmaplc.com Highly attractive safety profile Toxicity and unwanted side effects are a  constant challenge in drug development.  Safety concerns account for more than  50% of drug programme terminations  and can also lead to sub-optimal treatment  regimens, a concern for both patients  and clinicians. Our Live Biotherapeutics are originally  isolated from healthy human donors and  consequently have excellent safety profiles.  This allows us to safely expedite our  products into the clinic, getting them to  the patients that need them more rapidly. 4D pharma plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 STRATEGIC REPORT An integrated biopharma company MicroRx – our proprietary discovery platform Our discovery platform, MicroRx, allows us to rapidly  identify strains of gut bacteria which may have a  therapeutic effect in specific diseases. Using MicroRx,  we interrogate our proprietary library of more than 6,000  bacterial strains for pathway-specific effects on the  host immune system. Importantly, we understand  mechanism. We elucidate the mechanisms by which  our Live Biotherapeutics exert their effects with exquisite  detail, including the identification of bacterial effector  molecules and their cognate human receptors.  Unlike traditional drug discovery, which involves multiple  rounds of hit and lead optimisation to identify a clinical  candidate – a process which can take a number of  years – we can progress from concept to clinic-ready  product in as little as 24 months, helping us S Chairman’s Statement With its upcoming programme of  trials, 4D is well placed to deliver  meaningful clinical data to support  the use of Live Biotherapeutics  across multiple indications increasing intellectual property estate helps  secure our leading position in the field. As we move forward, our key goal is to  deliver meaningful clinical data to support  the use of Live Biotherapeutics across  multiple indications. I believe that through  our upcoming programme of clinical trials,  we are well positioned to achieve this. Governance and Board The Board is committed to maintaining  high standards of governance, both at  Board level and operationally throughout  the business. The Company’s Corporate  Governance Statement can be found on  pages 15 to 17. Our people We could not have achieved what we have  without the continued support of our staff  throughout our sites in Europe, and also  those involved in our wider collaborations.  I would like to thank them all for their  contribution to the progress we have  made in 2017. David Norwood Non-Executive Chairman 20 April 2018 Strategic objectives Since the Group’ s initial public offering, 4D  has grown rapidly to become a world leader  in the development of Live Biotherapeutics,  an “end-to-end” microbiome company, from  research to development and manufacture. Our research teams continue to further the  understanding, both of our programmes and  their mechanisms, and of the microbiome  generally. The past twelve months have seen  the validation of MicroDx, our diagnostic  platform enabling the stratification of IBS  patients. Our GMP-certified facility in León,  Spain, has enabled the development scale-up  for our candidate strains and has increased  clinical/production capacity to up to 100  million capsules per annum. Meanwhile our  12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Consistent progress to  lead a burgeoning field 10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000 0 100 80 60 40 20 0 2014 4D pharma   is founded  and MicroRx  platform  developed 2016 Second clinical  trial in paediatric  Crohn’ s Disease 2017 GMP STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executive Officer’s Report In 2017, 4D has made significant  progress towards its goal of  delivering Live Biotherapeutics  as safe and effective therapies 4D’s approach If we step back and look at what 4D is  trying to do (namely to bring to market  not only new drugs but a new therapeutic  modality), it is not an easy task. The FDA  approved only 22 new drugs in 2016 and  only eight of those were first in class.  Nevertheless, we believe 4D is well  positioned to achieve its goals. With any new drug, whether or not first in  class, or new modality there is risk. Any  new drug or modality brings concern over  safety, and it is rightly the top priority for the  industry and regulators. More than 50% of  traditional drug programme failures can be  attributed to safety.  Notwithstanding this, given the pull for new  or better medicines, industry and investors  are prepared to accept such risks and, as we  have recently seen with the interest in CAR-T  therapies, successfully bringing a new  therapeutic class to market can deliver  significant value to investors. It is widely believed that Live Biotherapeutics  and the microbiome will go some way to  address such risks, by bringing a different  approach to treatment regimes and to  disease, and doing so safely. This puts a  high expectation on Live Biotherapeutics  and the field of microbiome research,  and to date the field has fallen short  of this expectation. Building upon our work and investment  in research, clinical progression and  manufacturing capability, we believe 4D is  well positioned to change this. During 2017  we have laid the groundwork to take our  products into patients across a host of  disease areas with the aim to provide  robust clinical data to demonstrate the  potential of Live Biotherapeutics. Current clinical programmes We have worked