 Strategic report | Highlights “The UK public has once again moved  with Rightmove, spending 11.7 billion  minutes on Rightmove platforms in  +4 %   Visits up 4% averaging over   125 million visits per month (1)   Employee engagement 90 %   90% of employee respondents   think Rightmove is a great place   to work  (1)   Source: Google Analytics. (2)  For Agency and New Homes customers. Customer numbers 20,427  Record customer numbers   with Agency and New Homes  customers up 2% to 20,427   (2016: 20,121) Traffic: time on site 1 billion Time on site unchanged year   on year at nearly 1 billion minutes  per month (1) Average Revenue Per Advertiser (2)   £922 Average Revenue Per Advertiser   up 10% to £922 per month   (2016: £842) Properties advertised  1 million 1 million UK residential properties  advertised on Rightmove which   is a significant stock advantage  compared to any other UK portal Operational highlights Strategic report | Our strategy Developing our brand Our marketing connects with the strong positive  emotions that moving home often generates and  reflects our position at the heart of it. Page 12 Continuing to innovate It is not in our DNA to stand still and we  continue to restlessly innovate for both  our customers and our consumers. Page 16 Supporting our customers We provide the most significant and effective  exposure for customers’ brands and properties.   We are the largest source of high quality leads   and offer value adding products and packages.  Page 18 Building great teams We focus on building great teams and   making Rightmove a great place to work.  Page 20 rightmove.co.uk 2 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Rightmove plc annual report 2017 3 only a series of personal home moving experiences, but also  reflects our focus on the end game. We make home search  simple. The quality and clarity of user experience across  desktop, smartphone and tablet is testament to our  developers and designers who seek to achieve this outcome.  It was a proud year of achievement serving property  professionals and home hunters. We are committed to  continue that effort with the same level of energy , innovation  and sensitivity to the needs and demands of all our  stakeholders in 2018. Financial results Strategic report | Chief Executive’s review (1)  Before share-based payments charge of £4.9m (2016: £4.1m) and   NI charge of £1.2m (2016: £0.5m) on share-based incentives. Strategic report Governance Financial statements Rightmove plc annual report 2017 9 searching commercial property listings on Rightmove.   This activity generated more than 650,000 leads for our  customers. As a result more and more commercial agents  and commercial landlords are choosing to advertise with us. Our Data Services business continues to help the property  industry by leveraging our unmatched pool of property data.   In addition to providing our Agency and New Homes  customers with invaluable data driven insights, we use our  data and technology to run a market leading automated  valuation model for some of the largest lenders and help the  surveying industry to drive efficiencies in their businesses.   For example, our Surveyors Comparable T ool saves surveyors  preparation time, improves valuation accuracy and provides  documentary proof of the process making it the go-to tool   for the industry. During 2017 the tool assessed and scored  over 1.7 billion comparable property records to create over  two million compatible reports for surveyors.  Unrivalled exposure, leads and products for our customers With visits to our platforms growing for the 16th consecutive  year we continued to increase the exposure for our  customers’ brands and properties. This exposure generated  43.6 million leads for our customers, seven percent down on  2016. The surge in lettings stock following the stamp duty  increase for second properties in April 2016 meant for most  of 2017 the lettings market was less frenetic giving potential  tenants more choice. In these market conditions each tenant  typically sends fewer leads as they are more assured of  securing the property they want. In addition, this takes  account of the full year impact of changes we made to the  search flow in the second half of 2016 to further increase the  quality of our leads. In order to help agents become more  efficient every lead sent through Rightmove is now about a  specific property. More consumers than ever turned to Rightmove in 2017 with  over 1.5 billion visits across all our platforms. Time spent on  the Rightmove platforms was unchanged year on year at a  record equalling 11.7 billion minutes. Against the backdrop of   a new, faster site infrastructure rolled out during 2016, a less  frenetic lettings market and the increase in use of mobile  devices, which typically have lower average time per visit,   this demonstrates the continued popularity and importance  of our platforms. Our market share of traffic across both  desktop and mobile was 73% (2)  with the mobile component  even higher at 79% (2) . The tools we provide for researching the market bring  simplicity and confidence to sellers and landlords. T raffic to   our research tools also grew significantly in 2017 as sellers   and landlords turned to Rightmove first to help inform their  decisions. Our research tools, such as sold prices data, are   by far the most widely used in the UK and provide the unique  benefit of access to our catalogue of one million currently  listed properties and 45 million historical property records. 