 49 Company information    Symphony is a world leader in controlled-life  plastic, and supplies masterbatches and finished  plastic products. Our d 2 w oxo-biodegradable  (OBP) controlled-life masterbatch was the first  technology of this type to be awarded an   Eco-Label, distinguishing it from all similar  products on the market.  Plastic waste is a global problem which is now  dominating the media and concentrating the  minds of legislators, companies, NGOs and  scientists around the world. Plastic is vital for  our food chain because foods are safer and  stay fresher when protected in plastic, and this  reduces food waste. This is really significant, as  one third of the food produced each year   is wasted.    Opponents of plastic have yet to find a viable  alternative which goes anywhere near performing  as well as plastic for most applications, and have  themselves raised concerns about food safety  and food waste.     d 2 w is fully consistent with the principles of  “Reduce”, “Re-use” and “Recycle”. It is also the  best technology available for our customers,   for consumers and for the protection of   the environment.   Symphony has also developed a range of plastic  technologies under the d 2 p (designed to protect)  brand, offering extra protection from bacteria,  insects, fungi, algae, odour, fouling, and fire. In  addition to these, we have recently developed  a corrosion inhibitor and a range of products  specifically designed for food packaging. These  include an oxygen absorber, ethylene adsorber,  odour-adsorber and a release-agent to prevent  food sticking to the inside of packaging.     Finally, our d 2 t tag and trace technologies  give our customers the ability to check the  authenticity of products of all kinds, helping   to protect brand owners from counterfeits  Symphony Environmental Technologies plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017  |  www.symphonyenvironmental.com 04 DELIVERING  TECHNOLOGY   & PRODUCTS  I am very pleased to report a 249.6%  increase in profit before tax to  £430,000 (2016: £123,000) together  with £1.03 million cash generated from  operations (2016: cash consumed  £0.34 million). With the business  now in a net cash position and with  its technologies gaining increasing  commercial traction, together with  elevated political and media coverage,  the Group has never been so well  positioned in its key markets. Symphony laboratory Our d 2 w oxo-biodegradable plastic technology fits in  perfectly with many governments’ core principles of the  3 Rs, “reduce, re-use, recycle”. However, unlike ordinary  plastics, a plastic upgraded with d 2 w technology does  not cause the accumulation of microplastics in the  environment, as it converts much more rapidly into  biodegradable materials.  In addition to making conventional plastic more  environmentally friendly, d 2 w can be used in some   bio-based plastics which would not otherwise degrade  in the open environment. This flexibility makes d 2 w a  vital insurance policy for many types of plastics, some   of which inevitably end up in the open environment.  Microplastics are the main concern today, and they   are caused by ordinary plastics fragmenting on land  and in the oceans. They need to be urgently upgraded  with d 2 w technology, and this is already being done  in the Middle East, Africa and Asia – most recently in  Saudi Arabia. Symphony Environmental Technologies plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017  |  www.symphonyenvironmental.com 05 Over the years we have established a strong distribution  network with 74 distributors worldwide. In the year  ahead one of the Company’s objectives will be to  increase its lobbying and marketing to make sure  Symphony Environmental Technologies plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017  |  www.symphonyenvironmental.com 06 Although Europe is not currently an important market  for d 2 w, we note that the EU Commission have taken an  interest in oxo-biodegradable plastic and have asked the  European Chemicals Agency (“ECHA”) to consider its  environmental credentials. The Commission do not as  yet understand that the purpose of oxo-biodegradable  technology is not to produce microplastics but to ensure  that if plastic does fragment in the open environment  it will convert much more quickly into biodegradable  materials. We therefore welcome the reference to  ECHA. Symphony and the Oxo-biodegradable Plastics  Association will be assisting ECHA with all necessary  technical information, but we do not expect any  conclusions for some time.  The EU has been slow to realise the importance of this  issue, as countries in the Middle East and other parts  of the world have already legislated to require the use  of oxo-biodegradable technology. These countries  want plastic fragments to be dealt with quickly and  automatically, and not to be left as a problem for   future generations.  In Saudi Arabia, the Saudi Standards, Metrology and  Quality Organisation (“SASO”) started enforcing  legislation requiring the use of oxo-biodegradable  plastic for a range of locally manufactured and imported  plastic products including carrier bags, packaging   films and agricultural films. Symphony was the first  company to be awarded the SASO Quality Mark for  its d 2 w oxo-biodegradable additives and to achieve  authorised-supplier status for the Saudi Arabian market. This year saw the completion of two R&D projects for  d 2 p; being anti-microbial household gloves and plastic  water pipes. The anti-microbial gloves were launched  into Wilko in the UK, and into several Italian retail outlets.  An initial order was also received from the Middle East.  As previously reported, we