 At a glance Spire Healthcare provides diagnostics, in-patient, daycase  and out-patient care throughout the UK. We also own  and operate the sports medicine, physiotherapy and  rehabilitation brand, Perform.   What we provide Providing high-quality patient care is  our top priority. To improve our patient  offering, we invest consistently in a  wide range of services and treatments  at each stage of the care pathway: from  initial GP referral, through consultation,  diagnosis and treatment, to recovery  and rehabilitation. A growing market Growing and ageing population  Driven by a growing and ageing  population – with a higher incidence  of long-term and chronic conditions,  such as cancer, obesity and diabetes. NHS funding gap Funding and capacity constraints are  forecast to continue throughout this  Parliament and beyond. The independent  sector can help to bridge the gap.   Our services Consultants Improving the quality of our facilities  and providing a wide range of services  and highly-trained staff, so that our  experienced consultant body can deliver  outstanding healthcare.  Working with consultants throughout  their careers to develop their skills and  their private practices. Diagnostics Investing in the latest scanning  technology, skilled clinicians and  comprehensive pathology services to  provide prompt and accurate diagnoses,  giving patients the reassurance that  comes from a clear treatment plan. Treatment and surgery Offering a wide range of treatment and  surgery, including good outcomes for  routine procedures such as knee and hip  replacements, and specialist procedures  across our network, providing choice  to patients. Recovery  From high dependency and intensive care  units to our injury rehabilitation facilities,  getting patients back on their feet as fast  as possible.  Primary care Working with GPs to facilitate speedy,  convenient and fully informed referrals. Chairman’s statement In a year of considerable change and challenge,  I am proud to report that Spire Healthcare’s  8,380 staff, and the leading consultants we   work with, provided over 775,000 private   and NHS patients with outstanding clinical  care and outcomes. Exceptional patient care  is our business.” Performance The Company’s performance over the year  showed further growth in our key private  patient income and reasonable progress  on our three new major capital investment  projects that became operational during  the year. Group revenue was £931.7 million,  £5.3 million ahead of 2016. On an underlying  basis, the Group delivered consistent gross  margins of over 48%. Operating profit,  however, fell significantly to £42.9 million.  This was the result of both our new  hospital openings; of exceptional and  other material items totalling £49.2 million  in the year arising from the patient  compensation costs in respect to Ian  Paterson’s historical practises; the write  down of our Specialist Cancer Care Centre  in Essex; and the decision to cease work on  the development of a central London site.  Additional information on exceptional  and other items is shown on pages 124  and 125. Our cash flow, however, remained  robust and our total dividend has been  maintained at 3.8p.  Revenue grew by 0.6% despite in-patient  and daycase admissions decreasing  by 1.8% to 269,300 patients (2016:  274,100 patients).  Garry Watts, Chairman 9  Spire Healthcare Group plc Annual Report 2017 Governance Strategic Report Financial statements Other information Revenues from Private Medical Insurance  (‘PMI’) sources declined slightly in 2017,  while underlying revenues (see further  information on page 35) in our Self-pay  payor group grew strongly, increasing  by 12.0%. Underlying revenues from  the NHS also declined by 0.5% due to  patient choice and eligibility for treatment  beginning to be actively restricted by  Clinical Commissioning Group (‘CCG’)  policies Chief Executive Officer’s Q&A We need to be the best in everything we   do – caring for our patients, working with   our consultants, recruiting and retaining   our staff, achieving the best outcomes,   and delivering value. I am determined that Spire Healthcare   will be famous for delivering the very best   in quality and clinical care. Quality will define   and differentiate us.” What have been your initial   impressions since joining Spire Healthcare?  I have found that Spire provides  outstanding care to thousands of patients  across Britain every day.  My many visits to our hospitals and our  CQC ratings show that Spire Healthcare  staff are devoted to caring for our patients,  well qualified and dedicated. Their work  is underpinned by good governance  practices. I’ve seen this in every hospital  I’ve visited and the many staff I’ve met,  as well as the patients I’ve spoken with. Spire Healthcare clinical standards are  good, with lots of examples of outstanding  best practice and interesting improvement  projects. There are, nonetheless, variations  in quality. Three of our hospitals – Spire  Cheshire, The Montefiore and Sussex  hospitals – are rated ‘Outstanding’ by the  CQC, and we have excellent equivalent  results in Spire Cardiff and Edinburgh  hospitals. Twenty more are rated  ‘Good’, while some were rated ‘Requires  Improvement’ on their first CQC inspection.  Overall, this puts Spire Healthcare on a par  with private sector healthcare standards.  11  Spire Healthcare Group plc Annual Report 2017 Governance Strategic Report Financial statements Other information Similarly, Spire Healthcare runs effective  operations, good local marketing  campaigns and has seen success in  growing its private patient base. The estate  is well invested and often innovative,  for example, developing a da Vinci robot  in Spire Southampton Hospital and knee  robots in Spire Edinburgh and Bushey  hospitals. It has strong central