 02 Rolls-Royce Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report Group at a Glance Group at a Glance Underlying revenue mix in 2017 Underlying revenue £15,090m Underlying operating profit £1,175m Free cash flow £273m Patents approved for filing 704 Engineers (year end) 18,245  Gross R&D expenditure £1.4bn Countries 50 Employees (year average) 50,000 Read more in our   Business Review   on pages 20 to 41 We are one of   the world’s leading  industrial technology  companies, creating  power and propulsion  systems for use on land,  at sea and in the air. Rolls-Royce Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 03 STRATEGIC REPORT Strategic Report Group at a Glance Our five businesses in 2017 Civil   Aerospace Civil Aerospace is a major  manufacturer of aero engines  for the large commercial   aircraft, regional jet and  business aviation markets.   The business uses its  engineering expertise,   in-depth knowledge and  capabilities to provide   through-life support   solutions for its customers. Underlying revenue £8,023m Underlying revenue mix     Large engine 70% V2500 12% Regional 4% Business aviation 14% Underlying   operating profit £520m Defence   Aerospace Defence Aerospace is a   market leader in defence   aero engines for military  transport and patrol aircraft   and has strong positions   in other sectors, including  combat, training aircraft   and helicopters.     Underlying revenue £2,275m Underlying revenue mix     Combat 30% Other 17% Transport  and patrol 53% Underlying   operating profit £374m Power   Systems Power Systems is a leading  provider of high-speed and  medium-speed reciprocating  See page 38 04 Rolls-Royce Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report Chairman’s Statement 2017 Overview After a very challenging few years, I believe  that Rolls-Royce is building real and  sustainable momentum. Progress will not   be smooth, given the nature of the industry  and the number of new products we are in  the process of introducing into the market,  and I do not want to underestimate the   risks. But, the medium-term prospects   look increasingly bright and the long-term  opportunities for us remain significant.   Our near to medium-term priorities are:   to improve operational performance, with  the focus on product reliability for our  customers and on cost competitiveness;   and cash flow generation for our long-term  prosperity. Growth opportunities for us in  our core industries are excellent. We have   to build customer satisfaction and cash flow  and, as a consequence, strengthen investor  confidence, to enable us to capitalise on  these. That is what we are determined to do.  Warren East, our Chief Executive, gives   in his report a full explanation of major  milestones and achievements in 2017. I would  like to highlight a few key developments.  There has been great progress in building  the executive leadership team. We have  refreshed our strategy and long-term vision.  We have refined our capital allocation  process. We have delivered financial   results ahead of budget and expectations  and we have ramped up production in our  Civil Aerospace business. We have initiated   a simplification of the Group into three  businesses and are embarking upon a  fundamental restructuring. This will make   for a simplified and more focused business.  At the same time, we have had to deal with  some significant operational challenges,  most notably with some in-service fleet  issues on two of our Civil Aerospace large  engine programmes. We are acutely aware  of the challenge this has Chairman 06 Rolls-Royce Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report Chief Executive’s Review Chief Executive’s Review Review of 2017 Overview Rolls-Royce made good progress in 2017,  achieving a number of important operational  and technological milestones. Results were  ahead of our expectations as we delivered  growth in underlying revenue, underlying  operating profit and free cash flow. This was  achieved while focusing on managing the  well-publicised in-service fleet issues on  the Trent 1000 and Trent 900 engines that  led to increased costs as efforts were made  to minimise the disruptive impact on our  customers and to develop longer-term  solutions. There was better understanding  across the business of the need for cultural  change and tangible progress in our efforts  to increase openness and transparency with  investors. We strengthened the executive  leadership team (ELT) as we continued to  drive cultural change across the Group.   We completed our strategic update and   are ready to move forward in our drive   for pace and simplicity, restructuring from  five to three businesses, with a review   of strategic options for our commercial   marine operation.  Civil Aerospace had some notable successes  in 2017 with record levels of large engine  deliveries, further expanding the installed  fleet and generating service revenue  growth. We made good progress with our  new large engine programmes, achieving  the first flight of three new engine designs  within a 12-month period. Power Systems  delivered a strong performance   in its first year with new leadership,  streamlining the product portfolio and  Rolls-Royce made good progress in 2017, achieving   a number of important operational and technological  milestones, while focusing on managing significant  in-service engine issues in Civil Aerospace. Looking  forward, sustaining this improvement and delivering  increasing cash flow generation will strengthen our  position as one of the world’s leading industrial  technology companies. Underlying revenue (£m) 13,783 2016 15,090 2017 £15,090m  Underlying operating profit (£m)