  112 Glossary 01 Hurricane Energy plc Annual Report and Group Financial Statements Year Ended 31 December 2017 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements About us  Hurricane is new generation of oil company  that exists to discover, appraise and develop  oil from fractured basement reservoirs.  Fractured basements are a global  phenomenon which have been produced  successfully for extended periods in multiple  locations around the world. However, in  the UK they represent a new play type  for a sector of the oil industry which has  historically focused on sandstone reservoirs.  Hurricane is the first oil company to target  fractured basements in the region. Unlike sandstone reservoirs, which hold oil  in pores in the rock, fractured basement  reservoirs are composed of very hard rocks  such as granite, with the oil held in the  fractures that have formed over the past   2.5 billion years.  Where we operate  Hurricane has a portfolio of contiguous  offshore licences on the UK Continental  Shelf, to the west of Shetland.  The area is a proven petroleum basin with  a number of large producing oil fields  including Clair, Foinaven and Schiehallion.  Hurricane’s licences are focussed on the  Rona Ridge, a major NE-SW trending  basement feature. The water depth in the  area is around 150 metres. All licences are  owned 100%. Extensive exploration and appraisal work  programmes have led to a number of  significant discoveries in the Company’s  acreage, including Lancaster, appraisal and development. 05 04 Hurricane Energy plc Annual Report and Group Financial Statements Year Ended 31 December 2017 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Welcome to Hurricane’s 2017 Annual  Report. This has been a transformative  year for the Company. Following first oil, with data from the EPS  being generated and no imminent funding  hurdles, we will be in a strong position to  move towards establishing the value that can  be ascribed to our overall acreage holdings.  The positive working relationship between  Hurricane and its Tier 1 contractors is a  reflection of the Company’s contracting  strategy. We chose our Tier 1 contractors  on the basis of demonstrable industry  reputation, technical expertise, health,  safety and environmental track record,  and supportive contractual structures.  We believe that they are best placed,  and appropriately incentivised, to take  us through engineering and installation,  to first oil and into the operations phase.  The progress on the upgrade to the Aoka  Mizu in Dubai and the excellent working  relationship with the Bluewater Energy  Services (Bluewater) team, is the most  visible reflection of that strategy. We are  aligned in wanting to see the vessel sail  away on schedule and remain on track to do  so. As for the well completion and subsea  installation aspects of the development;  with both Xmas trees 06 07 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Hurricane Energy plc Annual Report and Group Financial Statements Year Ended 31 December 2017 Hurricane’s   expertise lies in  identifying and  appraising fractured  basement reservoirs. Our Business Model •  Prioritise health, safety   and the environment   at all times •  Do things the right way,   never compromising   safety or quality and  implementing measures to  protect the environment • Technically driven •  Explore, develop and produce  our Rona Ridge assets •  Lancaster EPS provides  reservoir knowledge to  materially derisk the  producibility of our Rona  Ridge assets •  Focus on minimising  finding and development  costs to progress assets to  a stage where significant  uncertainties are removed •  Accept that maintaining   higher licence interests than  typical for more common  reservoir types may be  optimal for basement assets •  Limited number of  appropriately incentivised   Tier 1 contractors,   to minimise operating   costs without   compromising delivery •  Engage with the regulator  to ensure licence to operate  never becomes a bottleneck Deliver   Value Focussed Basement   Expertise Health, Safety   and the   Environment Operate with   Excellence 12 13 Hurricane Energy plc Annual Report and Group Financial Statements Year Ended 31 December 2017 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Chief Executive Officer’s Review continued Bluewater’s delivery performance has been  excellent to date, as has the performance of  their selected yard, Dubai Drydocks World. We  have long flagged the arrival of the buoy and  mooring as being a key deliverable to allow  TechnipFMC to complete the installation of  the SURF and buoy and mooring installation in  Q3 2018. Following a successful ‘dry’ trial of the  buoy in February 2018, Bluewater is on track  to deliver the buoy to TechnipFMC in Lerwick,  Shetland Isles, to allow installation activities to  commence on schedule. Furthermore, the Xmas tree systems are  ready for loading onto the rig for the EPS  well completions. The Group has contracted  Transocean’s Paul B. Loyd Jr., a harsh  environment semi-submersible rig for this  work. Loading of the rig, transit to field  and commencement of well completion  operations is expected to take place in Q2  2018. We committed to the Xmas trees in  December 2016, the longest of our long  lead items; their timely delivery marks a step  towards the start of 2018 SURF and mooring  installation operations, allowing TechnipFMC  to continue to work to the schedule of  completing these operations in Q3 2018. Much has been written on the new price and  value discipline within the industry. Suffice  to say that Hurricane’s