 Company information IBC 1 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 strategic Report Governance Financial statements Overview ANOTHER YEAR OF   STRONG GROWTH 48.7% 82% * 28.1% ** HIGHLIGHTS FINANCIAL OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS GROSS PROFIT MARGIN CASH CONVERSION ADJUSTED OPERATING  PROFIT MARGIN www.medicagroup.co.uk Visit us for our latest news and developments 18.2% REVENUE INCREASE  > t otal number of reported body parts increased by  7.7%, from 1.35m in 2016 to 1.46m in 2017 • n ightHawk volume increased by 31.1% • c ross-sectional volume increased by 23.8%  > Recruitment has again been strong throughout  2017, with the total number of radiologists  (including radiographers and rheumatologists)  contracting with Medica standing at 306 as at  december 2017. this represents a net increase   of 58 year-on-year  > Medica provided services to 103 nHs t rusts and  private providers in 2017 (2016: 99) *  eBItd A cash conversion is detailed in n ote 31 **  Adjusted operating profit margin is detailed in n ote 31 2 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 WHAT IS TELERADIOLOGY? WHAT WE DO t eleradiology is the electronic transmission of  radiological patient images, including plain film x-rays  (pF), computerised tomography (ct ) scans and  magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans, from one  location to another, for the purposes of diagnostic  interpretation and reporting. t hrough teleradiology,  images can be transmitted from the hospital setting,  where the images are created, to a radiologist who can  review and report on the images remotely. In the case of  Medica, these are c onsultant Radiologists specialising in  the relevant field, who typically report on the image  from their own home or from one of Medica’s dedicated  reporting centres. t eleradiology improves patient care  by enabling radiologists to provide their services  remotely, thereby facilitating the rapid availability of  trained specialists 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. 24/7 365 RAPID AVAILABILITY OF   TRAINED SPECIALISTS Medica provides outsourced interpretation and  reporting on MRI, CT and plain film images. The  Company currently offers three primary services to  hospital radiology departments: NightHawk, an out-of- hours service, routine cross-sectional (Routine CS)  reporting on MRI and CT scans, and routine plain film  (Routine PF) reporting on x-ray images. Primary services: NightHawk o ut-of-hours emergency  ct and MR reporting in  less than an hour. Routine CS/PF Routine teleradiology  reporting of cross- sectional and plain optimal patient care. 4 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 4 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 4 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 I am pleased to provide my  Chairman’s statement for  Medica Group Plc’s   first year as a public  company. A STRONG PLATFORM  FOR FUTURE GROWTH CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Ro Y dAVIs CHAIRMAN 5 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements o verview 5 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements o verview In 2017, Medica continued to grow  strongly and achieved another  impressive set of results. t he Group  saw growth across its main  teleradiology offerings with revenue  increasing by 18% on last year. t his  growth has been underpinned by  strong recruitment in the period  which saw a net increase of 58  radiologists on the prior year. In March 2017, Medica successfully  listed on the Main Market of the  l ondon stock exchange, raising  gross proceeds of £15m for the  c ompany, which were used to pay  down the net debt of the Group to  approximately £10m. By the end of  the year cash generation had further  reduced the net debt to £5m and  Medica’s strengthened financial  position provides us with a strong  platform to support growth and  future development of the Group.  Medica is well placed to pursue  further organic and other growth  opportunities to generate long-term  value clearly of benefit to patients. 16 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 16 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 ANOTHER YEAR OF  STRONG GROWTH CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW I am proud to present my   Chief Executive’s review for  Medica Group Plc’s first year  as a public company. Jo Hn GRAHAM CHIEF EXECUTIVE 17 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements o verview Introduction I am delighted to present my c hief  executive’s Review statement for  Medica’s first year as a public  company. 2017 has been a milestone  year in the development of the  Group with the successful listing on  the Main Market of the l ondon  stock exchange an important step  in Medica’s development. t he business has continued to  develop throughout the year,  improving services to clients,  growing volumes and engaging with  increasing numbers of radiologists  whilst at the same time adapting to  life as a public company. I would like to thank the whole  Medica team for their hard work   and dedication this year and we are  well positioned to take advantage of  the many growth opportunities we  see before us. o ur clinical, technical  and operational excellence  combined with financial strength  and our new profile as a public  company give Medica a great  platform to develop its services in  teleradiology and beyond. Delivered robust volume growth t his has been another strong year of  double-digit growth for Medica with  revenue increasing by 18.2% from