 SIRIUSMINERALS.COM 2 2 Highlights STRONG  PERFORMANCE PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 World-class resource • Defined the world’s largest  high-grade deposit of  polyhalite. • 2.66 billion tonnes of high- grade polyhalite from only 7%  of the Project area. Approvals in place • Have all the approvals  required to construct and  operate the largest mine of its  type anywhere in the world in  North Yorkshire, UK. Stage 1 financing complete • US$1.2 billion commitment     Largest UK mining equity  transaction since 2012.     L a r g e s t e v e r c o n v e r t i b l e  note issue by an AIM   listed company.     Largest ever UK royalty  transaction. Sales and marketing • Global sales commitments for  4.4 Mtpa take-or-pay supply  agreements. • Extensive and ongoing global  R&D programme. US$1.2 billion stage 1 financing complete 2.66 billion  tonne resource 4.4 Mtpa global take-or-pay supply  agreements in place Commencement of  construction • Construction officially  commenced May 2017.  • Sirius has engaged world  leading construction partners  to deliver a world-class  operation. 3 3 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Complete site preparation works   at Woodsmith Mine and Lockwood  Beck • Site access works complete. • Haul road, drainage,  concrete batch plant and  general infrastructure  complete. • Site welfare facilities installed  and operational. • MTS and reinjection pads  complete. Substantially complete D-wall  installation for production and  service shafts • Scope of D-walling activities  was substantially increased  with the change to wider  foreshafts. • Progress on production shaft  has been deferred to allow for  the SM14B drilling programme.  Progress design activities for MTS  and front-end design for harbour  and MHF • MTS scope STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 4 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Chairman’s statement It is with considerable pride that  I share with you the notable  achievements that have been  key to the continued success of  our polyhalite Project in 2017.  First and foremost, the commencement  of construction, in a safe and secure  environment, has seen us take major  strides towards our goal of first  production in 2021. The impressive  construction progress over the last  12 months sits alongside several other  key achievements which are all  contributing towards the successful  fulfilment of our ultimate vision: to  become a world-class fertilizer business. Local At full production over 1,000 high- skilled jobs will be created with an  additional 1,500 jobs created in the  supply chain. The high-skilled jobs  we will create will also be highly  productive and well-paid. As the  largest private sector capital  investment in the North, we are  sending a clear message that the  region is open for business and has  the necessary skills and ability to  deliver major infrastructure projects.  In addition to the employment  opportunities created, the Company  expects that, at full production, it will  make around £85 million in local  payments each year and will deliver  approximately £13 million in annual  contributions to the Sirius Minerals  Foundation, as well as being a  catalyst for regeneration with the  potential to create new economic  clusters in the region.  The impressive construction  progress over the last 12 months  sits alongside several other key  achievements which are all  contributing towards the successful  fulfilment of our ultimate vision:  to become a world-class  fertilizer business. RUSSELL SCRIMSHAW. CHAIRMAN PROGRESSING  TOWARDS  A BRIGHT FUTURE 5 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 National ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT 18 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 DELIVERING RESULTS  A BRIGHT FUTURE Chief Executive’s review 2017 was a milestone year for us,  with commencement of construction,  incremental supply agreements  signed (bringing the total to 4.4 million  tonnes per annum), a move to the  Main Market of the London Stock  Exchange and inclusion in the  FTSE 250 among the highlights.  Our numerous successes along the  development journey drive us to  approach this next phase of  development with the same ownership,  belief and urgency which are some of  the key values which define who we  are. For those who have supported  us over the years I hope the  commencement of construction  provides further validation of our  commitment to succeed.  Safety Safety is paramount to the success of  our business. Our culture places  safety at the forefront of everything  we do and we are continuously  engaged with our contractors and  consultants to ensure they adopt our  safety culture and company values.  Two recordable incidents have  occurred during the first year of  construction and we are constantly  working to improve our processes and  find safer ways of working in order to  ensure that we all return home to our  families at the end of each day.  For those who have supported  us over the years I hope the  commencement of construction  provides further validation of our  commitment to succeed. CHRIS FRASER. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 19 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 4 May 2017: formal commencement of  construction Expanding global research and  development programme Our strategy The Company has a clear and robust  strategy and is focused on executing  this strategy successfully.  Our strategy is to: • build a world-class, long-life,  low-cost production