 14 Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Chairman’s Statement Ken Hanna Arena Group Chairman The Arena Group listed on the  AIM market on 25 July 2017 and I  became Non-Executive Chairman  on that date. The Board is currently  made up of four directors, myself,  Ian Metcalfe, who chairs the  Remuneration Committee, and two  Executive Directors. The Board will  keep this composition under review.  We have taken the decision as  a Board, to adopt the highest  standards of governance whilst  ensuring the executive team  continue to have the flexibility  to manage the business without  distraction or incurring excessive  costs.  There is no doubt that 2017 has  been a successful first year  as a public company, with the  achievement of excellent financial  results, successful delivery of  several major contracts and the  creation of a strong leadership  team.  The Board is pleased to recommend  payment of a final dividend for the  year ending 31 December 2017  of 0.9 pence. This gives a total  dividend for 2017 of 1.35 pence per  share, subject to approval at the  Annual General Meeting, on 24 May  2018. The final dividend will be  paid in July 2018 to shareholders  of the Company on the Register of  Members at the close of business  on 8 June 2018. The Group will continue to adopt  the highest operational standards  and to deliver the “Arena Standard”  throughout its operations. We will  also continue to explore value  accretive acquisition opportunities  in line with our stated strategy.  Finally, I would like to take this  opportunity to express my sincere  thanks to all Arena employees for  their hard work and dedication. In  a very fragmented and competitive  industry, the level of service and  commitment demonstrated by our  employees differentiates Arena  from its competitors.  Ken Hanna Chairman 10 April 2018 I am pleased to present the  Group’s first annual results  as a publicly quoted company.  OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Annual Report & Accounts 2017 15 OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Annual Report & Accounts 2017 HSBC Abu Dhabi Golf Championships, 2018 ARENA GROUP considers that there is no material risk from Brexit. Annual Report & Accounts 2017 24 Regional Highlights: UK & Europe Introduction Arena UK & Europe moved into its new six-acre  state-of-the-art site in April 2017, with 3,700sqm of  warehouse space and modern offices over two storeys,  providing a centralised operations base servicing  structures, seating, interior design, carpentry and  ice rinks. Having such an impressive base for our  operations has delivered greater efficiencies, better  serving the Group’s operations and providing new  employment and career progression for our people.  The move into the new St Ives hub was backed up with  the creation of a new sales and project management  office in Membury and a huge centralised furniture  warehouse supporting our UK events and the Group’s  London tableware operation, Well Dressed Tables.  The floatation and subsequent investment into  infrastructure has underpinned our acquisition of GLD  Productions, adding experienced staff, new product  ranges and new clients to our furniture hire division.  The sheer scale of our inventory of events equipment  is staggering, and was boosted by the purchase of the  seating and mass participation divisions of Wernick  Events, including more than 30,000 temporary seats,  back in the spring. Outlook for 2018 2018 looks set to be an even bigger year. We have  renewed many of our long-term contracts and have  a number of fantastic new projects providing a whole  set of exciting challenges for our delivery teams. It’s  a Ryder Cup year, and we will once again be heavily  involved delivering event infrastructure in Paris. Our  special projects team is also focussed on Tokyo for  Rugby World Cup and Olympic related opportunities.   I am pleased to be able to confirm over £3 million  of capital investment to ensure that our products  continually exceed expectations on quality. As always,  we ensure that health and safety is at the centre of  everything we do. ARENA GROUP Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Wimbledon Championships  25 OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Annual Report & Accounts 2017 EMPLOYEES Key events Dancing on Ice: The UK & Europe division provided a bespoke ice  rink and temporary film studio for ITV’s spectacular  show, Dancing on Ice. The show returned after a  four-year absence with a stunning semi-permanent  studio, which included, audience seating, and all the  necessary production infrastructure to deliver a live  show for 12 weeks.  Nitto ATP World Tour Finals  We worked on the ATP World Tour Finals for the  eighth year, continuing our tradition of improving our  offering to the tournament, now sponsored by Nitto  each year. Our bespoke I-Novation building was the  cornerstone of the VIP village for the second year. The  finished I-Novation structure contained the sponsors’  area, players’ lounge, players’ restaurant and tennis  family area overlooking the main practice court. We  also supplied extensive media facilities, lighting, floor  covering, air conditioning, temporary ceilings, walls,  stairs, lifts and toilets. Product offering • Temporary structures • Seating • Interiors • Furniture • Tableware • Project management • Scaffolding • Ice rinks REVENUE 2016  2017  £46.1m £39.8m 342 Annual Report & Accounts 2017 ARENA GROUP US PGA – August 2017 26 Regional Highlights: Americas Introduction This was a year in which the Americas division posted  several solid results. Our overall financial performance  was on target, a result that was made possible by the 