 CIR_AR17_intro_v17.indd   9 25/04/2018   17:15 Chairman’s statement I am pleased to report that Circassia made good progress   in 2017, achieving significant growth following the major  changes to its business the prior year. With its investment  in the allergy field halted, Circassia has focused resolutely  on building its respiratory franchise, and consequently has  transitioned into a very different business in a relatively short  period. Circassia is now highly commercially focused, with   a broad sales infrastructure, which it plans to expand further  through a refocused investment strategy, and a portfolio   of marketed products.  Building strategic momentum In 2016, the Board reviewed and reconfirmed Circassia’s strategy of  building a self-sustaining specialty pharmaceutical company focused  on respiratory disease. At the end of 2016, the Company significantly  expanded its US commercial platform, both to increase revenues   from its in-house NIOX ®  products and to attract in-licensing, partnering  and acquisition opportunities. This growth strategy proved successful,  and in 2017 Circassia established a flagship US partnership with  AstraZeneca for the chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)  products Tudorza ®  and Duaklir ® . With the collaboration making good  progress, Circassia plans to build on this momentum by deploying   a refocused investment strategy pursuing a similar approach in China.  By leveraging its existing presence in the country to establish an initial  sales force, Circassia plans to boost its NIOX ®  revenues and provide   a commercialisation option for third-party products in this major market.  Refocused investment strategy Under its refocused strategy, Circassia intends to reallocate   its resources and complete its transformation into a commercial  business. The Company plans to fund commercial investment   through a combination of growing revenues, corporate cost  containment and reductions in research and development (R&D)  expenditure by seeking to out-license / partner its respiratory pipeline  of directly substitutable generic products and novel formulations of  currently approved drugs. These development candidates are based  on approved molecules, thereby reducing their risk profile, and the  Company plans to initiate discussions with a number of potential  partners. This strategy will allow Circassia to retain a stake in the  products’ future potential success whilst utilising third-party financing  to progress the programmes through development. The Company  will continue to invest in its R&D, medical affairs, pharmacovigilance,  quality and regulatory activities supporting its US COPD products   and global NIOX ®  franchise.   Circassia has focused resolutely on building   its respiratory franchise, and consequently   has transitioned into a very different business   in a relatively short period. Circassia Pharmaceuticals plc Annual report and accounts 2017 10 CIR_AR17_front_v18.indd   10 25/04/2018   19:19 Dr Francesco Granata Chairman During the past year Circassia has made significant strategic   progress, and CIR_AR17_front_v18.indd   13 25/04/2018   19:19 Chief Executive’s review 2017 was a period of major transformation for Circassia,   with the Company making good progress to becoming   a commercially-focused specialty respiratory business.   During the year our market-leading NIOX ®  asthma  management products continued their strong growth,   and in November we welcomed new NICE recommendations  that are highly supportive for our products. We also  established a major US collaboration with AstraZeneca  for COPD products Tudorza ®  and Duaklir ® , and markedly  expanded our specialty sales infrastructure in the United  States. The partnership is making good progress, and with  Tudorza ®  US prescriptions well ahead of the trend prior to   our involvement, we aim to increase uptake in the coming year.  We also received compelling clinical data from large trials of  both COPD products, and we look forward to filings seeking  Duaklir ®  approval and an extension to Tudorza ® ’s label. With our revenues doubling in 2017 and our cost containment  measures delivering tangible savings, we are driving our  business towards self-sustainability. We intend to maintain  this progress during 2018. We have refocused our investment  strategy to support the ongoing expansion of our commercial  platform, particularly in China, whilst reducing our R&D   and corporate costs. During 2018, we will benefit from   a full year’s contribution from our enlarged US sales team   and our collaboration with AstraZeneca, ‘locking in’ significant  growth potential. With a strong commercial infrastructure,  compelling portfolio and increasingly attractive platform   for third-party products we look forward to the coming   year with great optimism. Period of transformation During the past year Circassia successfully underwent a number  of major changes, as part of the Company’s transition into a  commercially-focused specialty pharmaceutical business. Following  disappointing allergy clinical results in 2016, we took the difficult  decision to switch investment to our respiratory assets and focus on  expanding our business. This strategy has produced positive results,  and with our portfolio of marketed products and commercial platform  now significantly broader, our 2017 revenues were 100% ahead   of the previous year.  Commercial growth In the last 12 months we have expanded our commercial presence  dramatically. In the United States we established a transformational  commercial collaboration with AstraZeneca, and subsequently  doubled the size of our field force to promote the COPD treatment  Tudorza ®  alongside our NIOX ®  asthma management products.  We also increased our commercial support capabilities, and the  team, which includes marketing, market access, training, analytics  and commercial operations, is now more than 50 strong. With our  US commercial platform acting as an important factor in attracting  AstraZeneca as a strategic partner, we plan to mirror this strategy  in China. By building