 Uzenskoye oil field Commercial 04 Volga Gas plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chairman’s Statement Dear Shareholder, During 2017 conditions for the oil and gas  industry worldwide and for Russia generally  have been more stable than in the recent  past. This stability has enabled Volga Gas to  undertake important steps to enhance its  operations materially, the most important  of which was switching the gas sweetening  process utilised at the Dobrinskoye gas  processing plant, the Group’s principal  production facility, to a Redox-based system.  This has reduced the chemical costs of the  operation and has eliminated the need to  dispose of bulky spent processing chemicals.  During the implementation of this process,  and whilst the operational team optimises  the management of the new process, the  plant throughput has had to be reduced.  However, with the improved oil and gas  market conditions, this has not had as  material an impact on the Group’s revenues  in 2017 as may otherwise have occurred. The change to a Redox gas sweetening  process was achieved with only modest  capital expenditure as minimal modifications  to the existing plant were required.  During 2017 , the main focus of the capital  investment was in two projects that are  expected to provide incremental revenues  material impact in reducing the operating  profits of the Group to US$0.1 million  (2016: US$2.51 million), due to an increase  in the depletion charge to US$8.6 million  (2016: US$5.0 million). Further details of  the impact of the reduction of the reserves  are set out in the operating and financial  reviews between pages 6 and 11. In spite of the reduction in reserves, the  Group still holds significant, fully developed  reserves in its three principal fields. These  reserves form the basis of sustainable  production with growth potential in the near  term. These assets provide a platform for  the Group to grow in the future, through  successful exploration and by selective   value-accretive acquisitions. The Board  believes that Volga Gas has a stable  foundation and the financial and  operational capability to develop and  extend these assets to provide long- term value for our shareholders. The Board remains committed to a policy  of enhanced dividend distribution and  is planning to modify its dividend policy  towards higher rates of distribution, having  in mind the requirements of the business and  the need to maintain its financial strength.  Within these constraints, the Board would  consider distributing up to 75% of its free  cash flow as dividends. For the time being  however, the Board considers it prudent  to defer a decision on the dividend level  until the incremental cash flow from the  investments undertaken in 2017 begins to be  realised. A further decision will be taken by  the interim results stage in hydrocarbons in place. This has had a   05 Volga Gas plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic   Report  C or p or at e  Governance Financial  Statements Chief Executive’s Report The principal objective for Volga Gas in  2017 was to effect a transformation in  the technology used to process the gas  and condensate at the Dobrinskoye gas  plant, from which the Group derives the  overwhelming majority of its production,  revenue and profits. During 2016 and early  2017 , after extensive investigations and pilot  tests, management concluded that a switch  to Redox-based sweetening would be most  advantageous – not only for reduced cost  but also for the elimination of waste material  that required disposal. This also had the  advantage that it could be implemented with  minimal modifications to the existing plant,  saving significantly on capital expenditure  that other alternatives would require. In May 2017 , we commenced the switch  to Redox processing and from June  2017 onwards all of the gas processed at  Dobrinskoye was with Redox. Although the  change was achieved at low capital cost,  in the first months after implementation,  the plant throughput was kept at low  levels while the process management was  optimised. Throughput at the gas plant was  gradually increased and in December 2017  was averaged 533,000 m 3  per day (18.8  mmcf/d). However, the period of lower  throughput at the gas plant was primarily  responsible for an overall reduction in Group  production, being 24% lower than 2016. Offsetting the reduction in volumes in  2017 , oil prices and the Russian Ruble both  recovered steadily through the year and  consequently the impact of lower sales  2018 objectives and medium-term  strategy Management has the following key objectives  in 2018: — To increase the efficiency and processing  capacity at the gas plant using Redox gas  sweetening from the rate of 533,000 m 3   per day achieved at the end of 2017. — Having nearly completed construction of  the LPG plant, to commence production  and optimise the marketing of the product. — To complete the reservoir and technical  studies on the VM field and to commence  actions including workovers and  reperforations of the well bores to  mitigate future formation water  production, thereby restoring maximum  gas production and the extraction of  reserves in place. — Optimise the production of oil from the  new horizontal well Uzen #101 and to  manage the more mature oil wells in  the field. Current trading and outlook Between January and March 2018, Group  production averaged 4,084 barrels of oil  equivalent per day, in line with management’s  plan, given the anticipated higher levels of  planned