 CEO Sumo Group plc  Annual Report 2017 02 534 * talented people in Sheffield,  Nottingham, Newcastle, Pune   (India) and Vancouver (Canada) * As at 31 March 2018. OUR JOURNEY SO FAR LOCATED IN FIVE CITIES  IN THREE COUNTRIES We are one of Europe's largest providers of creative and development  services to the video games and entertainment industries, delivering  full-service visual and development solutions from initial concepts to  development and post-release support. Sumo Group plc, which floated on AIM in  December 2017, was established in 2003  and now has two operating businesses,  Sumo Digital and Atomhawk, which together  employ 534 people across studios and offices  in Sheffield, Nottingham, Newcastle, Pune  (India) and Vancouver (Canada). Sumo Digital, established in 2003, is one  of Europe's largest independent developers  of AAA-rated video games, providing both  turnkey and co-development solutions   to an international blue-chip client base. Atomhawk, which was acquired by Sumo  Digital in June 2017, is a visual design  company providing creative services to the  full spectrum of the entertainment industry,  including games, TV and film. Both companies have developed deep  relationships with some of the world’s largest  computer games publishers, developers,  platform manufacturers and entertainment  brands, including Microsoft, Sony, Sega,  Warner Brothers and Marvel. T ogether  they have worked on some of the biggest  franchises in the entertainment industry,  such as Avengers, Mortal Kombat, Hitman,  Sonic All-Stars and Harry Potter . The Group offers end-to-end services to the  video games industry and beyond from visual  concept design and pre-production through  to development, user-interface design,  marketing and post-release support. GROUP AT A GLANCE Source: Forbes.com, on Snake Pass, Sumo Digital's first own-IP game.  Sumo Group plc  Annual Report 2017 08 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT The source of our success is our  people; we value them highly  and are committed to providing  a positive working environment. Ken Beaty Chairman BUILDING VALUE  TOGETHER I am delighted to introduce Sumo Group’s first Annual Report  as a quoted company, which shows the material progress  made by the business in 2017. The year under review was a significant one. Having  completed a secondary management buyout, backed by  Perwyn LLP, in September 2016, the business entered 2017  energised and with a clear plan to deliver strong organic and  acquisitive growth. Not only were both these objectives met  but the year culminated with the successful admission of  shares in Sumo Group plc to AIM on 21 December 2017.  The listing route was chosen to provide a new and ready  source of capital with which to deleverage the balance sheet,  raise the profile of the Company, enable the incentivisation  of its people and allow the management to execute its  growth strategy. Y ou will see from the rest of this Annual  Report how those objectives have been achieved or are being  advanced. I thank my Board colleagues and pay tribute to  the wider management team for their dedication and hard  work, throughout the year, which has allowed us to complete  the highly time-consuming admission process while at the  same time delivering an excellent operating performance. Sumo Group plc’s flotation also enabled private equity  investor, Perwyn, to realise some of its investment,  while keeping a significant shareholding in the newly  quoted business going forward. We are grateful for their  ongoing support. In preparation for IPO, we welcomed David Wilton as Chief  Financial Officer and, upon admission, Michael Sherwin  also joined the Board as Senior Independent Non-Executive  Director . Their profiles, which appear on page 20 and are  available on www.sumogroupplc.com/about/board-of- directors/, a shareholding in the Company. Sumo Group plc  Annual Report 2017 10 CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW Sumo Digital remains focused on  investing in its key relationships  to develop and deliver high quality  video games, while maintaining a  high level of staff utilisation. This  proven model gives Sumo Digital  high quality and visible earnings. Carl Cavers Chief Executive Officer Introduction This is my first statement as CEO of Sumo Group plc and  it gives me great pleasure to update our shareholders on  what has been a momentous year for the Group.  In June 2018 we will celebrate the 15th anniversary of  the foundation of Sumo Digital. The business has grown  consistently throughout its history and it is now one of  Europe’s largest independent video games developers.  In June 2017 we acquired Atomhawk Design Limited, a multi  award-winning visual design company, servicing the games,  film and visual effects industries. This acquisition expanded  our integrated video game service offering and strengthens  the Group's position in offering premium services to  our clients.  Just prior to the close of the financial year, the Group  achieved one of its key strategic ambitions and, following  a successful IPO, was admitted to the London Stock  Exchange’s Alternative Investment Market (AIM) on  21 December 2017. Having been through three changes  of ownership in the last three years, we are looking forward  to the stability that this platform brings and the opportunity  to focus wholly on the development of the business. Sumo  Group is a people business offering premium video game  development services to its clients. Following the IPO, we  have a strong balance sheet and a structure with which we  can incentivise our people, as we continue to drive growth  in the business.  We entered 2017 with 382 people operating from three  locations in two countries. The year concluded with Sumo  Group plc employing 489 people operating at five locations  in three countries. Post year end, the Group