 Capco Annual Report & Accounts 2017 6  Earls Court Properties Covent Garden Covent Garden Covent Garden Covent Garden Lillie Square Clubhouse opens to residents The 18,000 sq ft Lillie Square Clubhouse  opens to residents. Amenities include a  concierge, swimming pool, gymnasium,  spa, private dining room and a cinema room Land enablement works Substantially complete in preparation for  future development ‘West Brompton Crossing’ temporary  pop-up high street opens  The project marks a first for temporary  retail and leisure use in the area Lillie Square Construction Phase 1 substantially complete and  enabling works for Phase 2 underway Covent Garden Christmas launch Show stopping switch on for 2017 in  partnership with BBC Children in Need  sees Kylie Minogue and Charlotte Tilbury  switch on the lights with Pudsey, against  the backdrop of a sparkling performance  from the stars of 42nd Street, watched by  Covent Garden’s largest audience to date Further signings Cora Pearl, hotly anticipated sister  restaurant to Mayfair’s Kitty Fishers,  Wahlburgers family restaurant and luxury  travel brand Tumi have all agreed terms to  open in 2018 The Shop at Bluebird signs to  Floral Street Luxury British concept store agrees terms  to open in Grade II listed Carriage Hall  with a 15,000 sq ft flagship opening in  2018, as a key anchor to Floral Street  New acquisitions £99 million invested to extend and  consolidate Covent Garden ownership,  including purchase of 15-17 Long Acre  and 27b Floral Street The Beauty Quarter goes from strength   to strength The first global flagship store from Tom  Ford and new brand Floral Street Fragrance  join the well-established cosmetics and  fragrance offer in Covent Garden, which  this year has also seen the opening of cult  Capco Annual Report & Accounts 2017 8  of the Royal Opera House Arcade. In addition, a number of  acquisitions have extended our presence on Floral Street. The  Floral Court development is nearing completion with the courtyard  and restaurant openings expected over the coming months.  Economic and political uncertainty has impacted the residential  market in London, resulting in a further decline in the valuation   of our investments at Earls Court. The consented Masterplan  remains one of the largest Opportunity Areas in central London  with the ability to evolve with the needs of the Capital. The political  and economic environment has made discussions on enhancing the  Masterplan more difficult, however Capco will continue to seek to  positively engage with all stakeholders to evolve the Masterplan  over time. At Earls Court Partnership Limited (“ECPL”), our investment  vehicle with Transport for London (“TfL”), the final phase of the  complex demolition of the former Earls Court Exhibition Centres  has been successfully completed in preparation for future  development. Handover of the first phase of the Lillie Square  residential development nears completion and half of Phase 2 has  been pre-sold at a modest premium to comparable units in Phase 1.  In April 2017, Capco completed the sale of the Venues business at a  slight premium to net asset value, in keeping with our established  strategy of recycling capital through the disposal of non-core assets.  FINANCIAL POSITION AND DIVIDENDS  Capco continues to maintain a strong balance sheet, with low  leverage, high liquidity and modest capital commitments. During  the year, Capco extended its debt maturities, further diversified its  sources of funding with a Private Placement and successfully  executed the sale of Venues. The business is well-positioned to  support its future activities and take advantage of opportunities   as they arise.  The Directors are proposing a final dividend of 1.0 pence per share,  which brings the total dividend for 2017 Capco Annual Report & Accounts 2017 10  Valuations The total property value of the Group declined 0.9 per cent  (like-for-like) in the year to 31 December 2017 to £3.5 billion. The  valuation of Covent Garden has risen by 4.3 per cent (like-for-like) to  £2.5 billion, driven by ERV growth of 4.6 per cent achieved over the  year. The equivalent yield remains broadly unchanged, reflecting  the valuer’s current view of the strength of demand for prime  central London real estate.  Capco’s investment in Earls Court Properties declined by 11.8 per  cent (like-for-like) to £1.0 billion at 31 December 2017. A number   of adjustments have been made to the component parts of the  valuation of our interest in ECPL. The valuer’s more conservative  view on gross development value and the cost of delivery, together  with recent transactional evidence in the land market, have resulted  in a net decline of 14.4 per cent (like-for-like) for ECPL in the second  half of the year. Similarly the valuation of our other interests at Earls  Court has declined reflecting changes in valuation assumptions.  The Group has a 63 per cent controlling interest in ECPL, the  investment vehicle with TfL, which owns the land formerly  occupied by the Earls Court Exhibition Centres (“EC1 & EC2”). As a  result, it is fully consolidated in the financial statements and TfL’s  interest is represented as a non-controlling interest. See the  Financial Review on page 38 for further information.   Market Value  2017  £m Market Value  2016   £m Valuation  Change Like-for-Like 1 Covent Garden 2,545 2,275 4.3% Earls Court Properties    Earls Court Partnership  Limited (“ECPL”) 2 561 644 (16.0)% Lillie Square 3 156 223 (5.7)% Empress State 220 230 (4.8)% Other 42 45 (8.1)% Group share of Earls Court  Properties 979 1,142 (11.8)% Venues – 293 – Group share of total property 4 3,524 3,710 (0.9)% 1. Valuation change takes account of amortisation