 Glossary of terms ..........................................................................40 01 Kemin Resources Plc Annual Report 2017 CONTENTS Strategic report Governance Financial statements KAZAKHSTAN Russia Russia 1 2 Areas of exploration “The patience of shareholders will be rewarded as we move towards the production phase. ” During the year the extension to the original licence was approved for Smirnovskoye, and the licence extension is valid until September 2019. In relation to Drozhilovskoye, we do not see any issues in obtaining the license as we have satisfied all the requests for information from the relevant ministry.  Administrative delays have held up the licence and we are now expecting to receive the signed licence in Q2 2018.    The Company is now in a new phase of development and moving towards production. We have entered into talks with interested parties in particular with China Molybdenum which has expertise in processing our particular minerals. The economics of moving to production have changed as commodity prices have stabilised and with the inclusion of Lithium in the profit generation models the projects are more economically viable. One of the key steps moving forward is to update and more clearly define the resources.  The Company undertook exploration drilling in Q1 2018 at the Drozhilovskoye site, the results of which were very encouraging, (as announced by the Company on 19 March 2018). This drilling was undertaken by an external geological firm and the results of which will prove useful in bringing partners on board to develop the site.  In addition a Competent Persons Report is shortly to be commissioned under the JORC code.  This will provide further external verification of the resources on both sites. We are keen to press forward with the plans for development.  The sourcing of a partner that has skill and expertise in this area is seen as extremely beneficial to moving the plans forward. Exploration drilling The Company undertook exploration drilling in Q1 2018 at the Drozhilovskoye site, the results of which were very encouraging.  In terms of funding the Company has sufficient operational funds from its existing facility with Amrita Investments.  The Company will seek to source developmental funds as the project moves forward and the quantum of funding requirement becomes more transparent.  The Board wishes to thank the shareholders for their patience and we are confident of looking forward to a productive 2018 as the Company develops. Kanat Assaubayev Chairman 1 June 2018 02 Kemin Resources Plc Annual Report 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT 03 Kemin Resources Plc Annual Report 2017 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REPORT Strategic report Governance Financial statements “The Company is in the process of analysing the latest drilling results, with the next step to refine the production techniques and subject to sourcing additional funding, establish a pilot plant for production at a later stage.” Overview As an update on the licences:  The extension to the Smirnovskoye licence and associated work programmes was agreed with the Kazakh authorities and the licence extended to September 2019.  The extension to the Drozhilovskoye licence and associated work programmes is with the Kazakh authorities, and is in the final administrative stages of sign off.  Final sign is expected in Q2 2018, and the licence extension will run for 2 years from the date of signing.   The Company has been moving forward with the development of the sites with a view to moving to production.  The initial starting point is the analysis of samples that were extracted at Drozhilovskoye. Once this has been completed and the technological basis for extracting the three principal minerals Molybdenum, Tungsten and Lithium from the ore a production plan will be established.  It is envisaged subject to sourcing additional funding, that a pilot plant will be established with an initial run rate of 300,000t or ore per annum.  The full production plant will be significantly higher than this at approx. 3mt of ore being processed.   Exploration Work Update The latest drilling and analysis work clarified the geological structure of the Drozhilovskoye field and confirmed that the tungsten and molybdenum minerals are isolated, and that they can be selectively mined. The work also confirmed the presence of significant amounts of high quality lithium. The work undertaken by the Company internally has allowed a re-estimation of the contained metal content of both molybdenum and