 01 Overview Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information Financial highlights Revenue £936.6m +16.8% (2016: £801.6m) Reported proﬁt/loss before tax £57.0m (2016: £(122.3)m) Underlying proﬁt before tax† £67.3m +31.7% (2016: £51.1m) Reported basic earnings (loss) per share 15.8p  (2016: (31.8)p)* Underlying basic earnings per share† 11.1p +5.7% * (2016: 10.5p)* Contents Adjusted measures †  The business uses a number of adjusted measures that are not deﬁned or  recognised under IFRS. For deﬁnitions and explanations of these measures  and a reconciliation to the most directly recalculable IFRS line item, please  see pages 26 to 29 04 Laird PLC Annual Report & Financial Statements 2017 Laird at a glance Focusing our strategy  in the right markets Our Strategy How we structure ourselves 1. Telecom and Computing: Our products protect sensitive electronics  from the impact of waste energy (e.g.  escalating temperature and EMI issues),  ensuring maximum performance over the life of  the device. Growth is driven by ever-improving  functionality and increased data usage. 2. Mobile Devices: We create performance enhancing solutions  that enable an ‘always on’ world. Growth is  driven by demand for higher speciﬁcation,  thinner, lighter design as well as miniaturisation  of components and increasing device density. 3. Connected Transport: We help to redeﬁne mobility with smart  technology. Growth is driven by a widespread  increase in the deployment of connectivity  solutions in passenger cars, heavy equipment  and ﬂeet management. The emergence of   4G/LTE and the forthcoming evolution to  5G is driving automotive manufacturers to  upgrade their antennae to multiple input,  multiple output (MIMO) technology. 4. Connected Industry: We use industrial strength connectivity to  accelerate critical workﬂows. Growth is driven  by increased use of wireless automation  solutions that improve productivity in safety  critical environments.  5. Connected Medical: We improve patient care by wirelessly  connecting the healthcare landscape.  Growth is driven by the move to improve  patient care and safety through use of  wireless technology. 5. Deliver a business  with an improved and  12 Laird PLC Annual Report & Financial Statements 2017 Chairman’s statement  The business now has much more robust  foundations and is better placed to take  advantage of future opportunities. Focused on   performance for   stakeholders Interim dividend per share 1.13p  Basic earnings/(loss)   per share 15.8p  (2016: (31.8)p) Underlying basic earnings  per share† 11.1p +5.7% (2016: 10.5p)* AGM on 27.04.18 * 2016 earnings/(loss) per share has been restated for the 2017 rights issue. Dividend In the light of the offer from Advent  International, the Board will not  recommend a ﬁnal dividend for  the year 2017. People The recovery and the momentum that  has been built in the business in 2017  would not have been possible without  the hard work of Laird’s people. I would  like to thank them for their commitment.  They deserve credit for the much stronger  performance delivered by the Company  during the year. In a global, dispersed workforce, regular  and transparent communication is  essential. I was therefore particularly  pleased at the excellent participation in  the Laird Employee Engagement survey  in 2017 and at the good and improved  overall score for the business. The Board  has visited several Laird sites over the  year, taking the pulse of the Company.  It also participated in a recent Leadership  Meeting. This approach builds a culture  of openness, support and constructive  challenge which is vital for Laird’s success. As three years have expired since our  last Directors’ remuneration policy was  approved in 2015, the Board is bringing  a proposal to shareholders for a new  incentive framework for approval this  year. At the same time, we will align  share-based incentive awards for senior  management with those of the Executive  Directors to ensure 14 Laird PLC Annual Report & Financial Statements 2017 Chief Executive’s review Our goal is to deliver long-term,  sustainable revenue and earnings growth. A stronger  company with   encouraging   momentum Looking ahead, an area with some  potential for WTS is Machine Condition  Monitoring, a high-growth market  addressing strong customer demand for  solutions that contribute to productivity  and efficiency, by monitoring performance  of critical industrial equipment. Laird has  a track record of excellence in wireless  connectivity and deep expertise in  mission-critical environments, which will  be highly relevant.  In Performance Materials (PM), we saw  good revenue growth, albeit against a  relatively weak comparative in the prior  year. We have focused on improving  the productivity of our manufacturing  and operations, as well as improving our  internal processes and correcting our  commercial inefficiencies.  The top line performance in 2017  demonstrates that the actions taken to  stabilise and improve our commercial  and operational performance in PM have  delivered results, with growth in all parts  of the division, but particularly in Thermal  Materials and Precision Metals. In Thermal  Materials, the automotive market presents  an attractive growth opportunity where we  may have a real opportunity to generate  value. The proliferation of electronics within  the vehicle requires thermal and shielding  solutions, where we very much excel.  Medical and absorber markets in Europe  and the US are also promising focus areas.  In PM, we are working to establish a  model that can deliver earnings growth,  year-on-year, through the smartphone  cycle. This requires targeted investment  in non-smartphone business, to drive  diversiﬁcation. We aim to leverage our  unique materials science capability  to develop differentiated solutions  for our customers, a key to driving  future proﬁtability.  In