 Watch our 2018 showreel and stay  up to date with the latest news and  announcements on our new website: The Strategic Report contained on pages 2 to 11  was approved by the Board on 9 May 2018. Roger Conant Faxon Non-executive Chairman mirriadplc.com Mirriad Advertising plc Annual report and accounts 2017 01 STRATEGIC REPORT We deliver WORLD-CLASS  TECHNOLOGY Our offer allows advertisers to reach viewers when they’re  emotionally engaged by embedding brand messaging in relevant  premium content. It’s a new, easy‑to‑plan ad solution for reaching  large target audiences, and one that cannot be skipped or blocked. We use computer‑vision algorithms  to automatically track and analyse  video, and our algorithms use  machine‑learning techniques to  automatically suggest ad locations. Learn more at mirriad.com Standardised ad units Mirriad In‑Video Advertising units are 10 seconds of quality  exposure, sold and measured on an audience basis. Each unit  meets industry standards for exposure, size and proportion,  exposure clarity, duration, proximity to action, and prominence. 1 Enterprise-class platform The Mirriad In‑Video Platform is our secure enterprise‑class platform that  presents available ad inventory by audience, ad unit impressions, brand relevance,  flight, frequency and budget. It provides a frictionless experience for planning,  buying and executing large‑scale campaigns across multiple shows and episodes. 2 Genius technology Our Academy Award‑winning team has merged advanced  video technology, AI and an enterprise‑class platform to  deliver the magic that is Mirriad In‑Video Advertising. 3 Mirriad at a glance Mirriad Advertising plc Annual report and accounts 2017 02 STRATEGIC REPORT Effective Hit brand KPIs by  connecting with  audiences when  engaged with their  favourite shows Scalable Plan, buy, and  execute large‑scale  campaigns with the  same control as any  other video ad Efficient Extend an  advertising budget  with year‑round  campaigns using  existing collateral Unskippable As part of the show,  ads can’t be skipped  or blocked on  any screen Targeted Safely advertise in  premium content  perfectly relevant  to an audience  and a brand Flexible Execute stand  alone or as part  of an integrated  campaign with  minimal lead times We deliver benefits for ADVERTISERS Mirriad In‑Video Advertising is a new solution for scalable   ad campaigns that drive measurable value for brands: Grow revenue Create new ad  inventory from  within existing  premium content Engage viewers Deliver a better,  uninterrupted  experience which  viewers demand Reduce churn Keep viewers  engaged with  premium content Create inventory Offers existing  advertisers more,  and new ones a  fresh proposition Drive innovation Provide a  low‑overhead  technology solution  that’s easy to deploy  and manage Improve  performance Offer premium  in‑video ad units  that consistently  deliver worldwide We deliver benefits for DISTRIBUTORS Our solution allows networks to generate new revenue from existing   premium content without compromising audience enjoyment: 03 Mirriad Advertising plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Chairman’s statement Roger Conant Faxon, Non-executive Chairman number of employees increased from 74 to 91 as we continued to  expand the Group’s technology group and started to build out our  marketing and product teams. We now have staff in place to serve our partners in China (Shanghai),  Brazil (São Paulo), India (Mumbai), the United States (New York)  and Europe (London). To build efficiency each of these offices is  linked to provide support to each other guided by the centre  in London.  I would like to express the gratitude of the Board to all our staff,  both longer serving and more recently joined, who have contributed  to the development of the business. I have been impressed with  their dedication and hard work while we have been putting in  place the conditions for future growth. The demands on the team  are unlikely to lessen as we target growth in our key markets.  Retention and recruitment will be key to the Group’s future success.  The Board is confident that the Company will be able to recruit  the staff that will be needed to meet future challenges.  Focus The Group is putting the foundations in place now to enable  meaningful revenue growth in the future. This requires relentless  focus and a need to remain on strategy. Developing large enterprise  clients takes time and patience and requires the Group to remain  flexible in how it serves their needs while continuing to assure  the effectiveness of our business model.  The Board is confident that the Group can scale revenues  by ensuring that its key customers are provided with the  transactional tools and training needed to facilitate in‑video  advertising. This is why the Group has spent considerable time  and resource in developing a transactional tool which we call  Marketplace. With relatively low levels of capital expenditure,  the development of Marketplace and the potential to demonstrate  the impact of in‑video advertising to broadcasters and digital  distributors, we are confident in the Group’s ability to drive  significant growth in the coming year and beyond.  The Company’s first public AGM will be held on 13 June 2018.  Roger Conant Faxon Non-executive Chairman 9 May 2018 Delivering a new advertising solution at   GLOBAL  SCALE is our purpose I am delighted to present the first Annual Report  and Accounts for Mirriad Advertising plc following  the Company’s successful admission to AIM on  19 December 2017.  Key events  As a result of the IPO, the Company raised net proceeds of  £23.7 million. The STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executive’s statement Mark Sabin Tadeusz Popkiewicz, Chief Executive Officer We have demonstrated the TREMENDOUS  MARKETING   POWER of in-video advertising Progress in 2017: focus and maturing technology