 wideacademy Overview WideCells Group PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2017––––––– 6 Overview –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– 7 We believe that the stem-cell sector is reaching a tipping point in terms of the market’s understanding of its potential to treat rare and life-threatening conditions; the global stem cell market is currently valued at c.US$96 billion and is predicted to grow to US$170 billion by 2020 and US$270.5 billion by 2025, implying a CAGR of 13.8%. We are proud to be recognised as an intrinsic part of this medical revolution. Our integrated stem cell support services proposition includes: CellPlan, the ﬁrst-of-its-kind stem cell insurance plan; WideCells, our storage focused division leading the way in the development and use of cell banking services; and Wideacademy, which is driving education and awareness on the stem cells sector. Each division made signiﬁcant advances during the year as outlined below.  As testimony to our commitment to both innovation and education, in June 2017 the Group was ranked as the 21st most disruptive company globally by DISRUPT 100, an annual index celebrating the businesses with the most potential to inﬂuence, change or create new global markets. More recently, post period end, our CEO, João Andrade, was awarded the CEO Europe Award 2018 by CEO Today Magazine. CELLPLAN CellPlan has developed the world’s ﬁrst stem cell healthcare insurance plan and medical concierge service, designed to revolutionise stem cell healthcare by making stem cell transplants affordable for families who require treatment for life threatening diseases.  During the year, it made signiﬁcant advances bolstering its innovative offering to create new revenue opportunities and expand its service globally. It secured an agreement with Biovault Technical Ltd, the UK’s largest private human tissue storage facility (‘Biovault’), to roll-out CellPlan to Biovault’s client base. Additionally, it launched its e-commerce platform, www.cellplan.com, which allows the Group to sell CellPlan directly to families, whether existing or new clients.  Although the UK stem cell market is comparatively small, our initial launch in the UK has enabled us to trial our offering. The aim is now to roll CellPlan out internationally I am delighted to be part of this ground-breaking company and deliver my inaugural statement as its Chairman; the prospects of WideCells Group truly excite me. Through our three divisions, we are focused on making stem cell treatment affordable and accessible for families around the world. To this end, 2017 was a year of building both our service offerings and our partnerships with key players to position the Group as a multi-revenue generative opportunity in a fast-growing sector. This resulted in an inﬂection point with ﬁrst revenues generated before the year end.  Chairman’s Review Peter Presland Chairman WideCells Group PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2017––––––– 8 and include additional 4 June 2018 WideCells Group PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2017––––––– 10 Stem cell therapy is gaining increasing recognition for its life-saving potential in a wide-range of medical applications. 82 illnesses can currently be treated using stem cell procedures, and developments in its use in illnesses such as cystic ﬁbrosis, cerebral palsy, diabetes and autism have caught the headlines of late. As the value potential of this innovative treatment advances, more and more people are becoming aware of the beneﬁts of storing stem cells, which in turn is driving additional development and advancement in the industry. This is accordingly an opportune time to be building a leading position within the stem cell industry and having successfully launched our ﬁrst of its kind end-to-end stem cell service that covers storage, insurance, research and education/training, we are now focused on achieving global roll-out to build revenues, drive development and ultimately ensure that all people, regardless of geography or ﬁnancial position, have access to stem cell treatment. Through ﬁrst-hand experience, I have identiﬁed both the value potential and the limitations of the industry in which we operate. In terms of value potential, we are focused on cord blood, taken from the umbilical cord following birth, as we believe it is the most useful and best “quality” source of stem cells and it is an area of rapid growth, with more than 250,000 samples being stored per annum and growing fast. However, looking at the limitations, whilst over 4,000,000 people have stored cord blood with over 500 cord blood bank companies that exist worldwide, paying c.£2,000 to do so, many do not realise that if treatment is needed costs could climb to as high as £300,000, making it unaffordable for many. It is because of these limitations and strong growth dynamics that we have created our end-to-end stem cell service.  At the core of this offering is our highly innovative CellPlan product – the ﬁrst global stem cell insurance package. This provides access to stem cell specialists and hospitals, covering the whole family for up to £/€1 million worth of medical, travel and accommodation expenses worldwide for an affordable £150-£300 per annum. With CellPlan live in the UK and strategic agreements in place to launch in Spain, Brazil, Thailand, India and Singapore in the coming Chief Executive’s Statement João Andrade Chief Executive Oﬃcer Overview –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– 11 year it is clear to see that our focus is now on achieving roll-out on a commercial scale. Of course, critical to stem cell treatment is stem cell storage and so alongside CellPlan, we are delighted to have recently launched our own stem cell storage services at our state of the art facilities at the Institute of Stem Cell Technology in Manchester, UK. Following landmark licencing approval from the Human Application Licence in February 2018, our BabyCells service, offering umbilical cord blood and tissue storage services to clients in the UK and Europe, is now live and we are accordingly focused on promoting uptake. BabyCells will be charged at a cost of circa £2,000 per sample for one year’s storage (including collection and processing), with recurring storage revenues of £50-£75 per annum thereafter and alternative multi-year pre-paid storage plans. Clients of BabyCells will be also offered one year’s stem cell insurance cover,