 2 Serica Energy plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017  Outlook for 2018 ●   Completion of the Lomond to Everest export line  bypass during Q3 is expected to deliver more  consistent Erskine production performance and  sales revenues ●   Serica’s 40% share in 2018 net cash flows from  the BKR Assets, accruing under the acquisition  agreement, adds to the Company’s cash resources  upon completion expected in late Q3 2018 ●   Transition work for the BKR Assets acquisition is  well underway:  –  Consultations with transferring staff close to  completion and recruitment for additional positions  in progress  –  New premises for Aberdeen operations  headquarters identified with occupation targeted  for mid-summer  –  Serica working with BP, OGA and partners to  ensure safe and orderly transition ●   Serica’s management believes that the increased  scale and diversification that the BKR deal brings,  along with the associated operating capability, will  provide a platform from which to further grow the  business through:  –  Identifying and implementing operational  efficiencies  –  Targeting investment to further enhance the value  of its assets  –  Seeking complementary acquisitions with a  continuing focus on the UK North Sea. 3 Serica Energy plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN’S  STATEMENT Dear Shareholder I am delighted to report that Serica made strong  progress in 2017. With the announcement in late  November of Serica’s acquisition of operated interests  in the Bruce, Keith and Rhum fields (BKR Assets), the  Company had a very strong finish to what was an  excellent year. Gross profits from operations amounted  to just under US$20 million, a three-fold increase over  the prior year, derived solely from our interest in Erskine. Serica’s target over the past two/three years has been to  diversify the risk associated with being reliant on Erskine  as a single production source 4 Serica Energy plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Whilst there will undoubtedly be challenges ahead I  am very optimistic about the Company’s future and its  ability to consolidate our recent acquisition and build  on the platform that we have now created. Our future  plans include organic growth, developing the position  we will have in four North Sea producing fields as well as  developing our Columbus interest and commencing an  exploration programme with the Rowallan well whilst we  review options for our interests in Namibia and Ireland.  However, we will also continue to seek ways in which  we can add new assets through selective acquisition to  complement our strong production base and build a  robust and exciting portfolio with further potential for  value-generating growth. In summary, I am delighted with the positive outcome  which has resulted from the skills and focus of Serica’s  team and a considerable amount of effort on their part.  I would like to thank them on shareholders’ behalf,  welcome all newcomers to the Company and look  forward to an exciting period ahead. Antony Craven Walker  Executive Chairman 9 April 2018 The Company had a very  strong finish to what was  an excellent year.  5 Serica Energy plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2017 was a landmark year for Serica, delivering our highest profit to date and providing us  with a platform to grow further.  Building on a strong set of financial results, the announcement of the BKR Assets acquisition  in late November rounded off an excellent year. We believe that the UK North Sea, where  there are strategic benefits for Serica, will continue to provide new opportunities to grow the  business and add shareholder value. Net production of 722,000 boe (2016 – 597,000 boe) and  operating profits of US$14.1 million (2016 – US$3.4 million)  represent Serica’s strongest annual performance  to-date even though wax control in routinely exceeding 20,000 boe per day net to BP.  However interruptions for the FPS shut-in and the recent  severe weather conditions in the North Sea mean that in  Q1 2018 the average production was 16,000 boe per day  net to BP. Importantly, Ofgem has recently approved the  raising of the National Transmission System (“NTS”) entry  specification for CO2 content of gas delivered at the St  Fergus Gas Terminal to 5.5mol% CO2 largely eliminating  the need for costly blending gas required up to now to  offset the relatively higher CO2 content of Rhum gas.  BP has entered into a contract for a rig to carry out the  re-entry and re-completion of the previously drilled (but  STRATEGIC REPORT 8 Serica Energy plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 not yet producing) Rhum R3 well. Operations are expected to commence in  May this year. The well is already connected to the necessary infrastructure  and it is expected that production will commence before the year-end.  Under the terms of the SPA, Serica will benefit from a 40% share of 2018 net  cashflow from the acquired assets rising on a stepped basis to 100% in 2022.  The amount generated in the period up to completion, adjusted for notional  tax, will be offset against the £12.8 million consideration due at completion.  At current production volumes and sales prices, this is expected to exceed  the initial consideration delivering a net cash receipt to Serica. Columbus Under the extension terms of the Columbus licences, Serica and its partners  in the Columbus field were required to notify the OGA by 31 March 2018  of the choice of an offtake route and to submit an FDP by 30 June 2018.  Work has concluded on the evaluation of two potential offtake routes  for Columbus production and