 popular games to a very broad audience. 1 Financial Statements Strategic Report Corporate Governance 20 1 7 Highlights Financial Operational RMG revenue increased by 5% to  £22.7m (2016: £21.5m) Social publishing revenue   decreased by 13% to £6.9m (2016: £7.9m) with 45%   reduction in marketing as well as a  reduction in headcount of 19 Game library growth to  19 proprietary games on our   Grizzly platform (2016: 8) Total game library growth to 683 games on our Grizzly platform   (2016: 458) Own game content and IP generated 38% (2016: 37%) of real money gaming   and social publishing revenue Licensing revenue increased 7% to £0.8m (2016: £0.8m) RMG marketing decreased by 17% Delivered a maiden full year   Adjusted EBITDA of £0.8m (2016: £2m loss) Real money gaming (RMG)   EBITDA increased  11 3% to £2.7m (2016: 1.3m) Social publishing EBITDA   loss reduced  97% to £0.1m (2016: £1.8m loss) Strategic brand partnership deployments  with ITV and STORM for LoveIslandgames  as well as growing previous partnerships  with Fremantle and Endemol  » Integration of real   money gaming   and social game   development   roadmap  » Launched new content  licensing business in  addition to brand  licensing. In 2017 the  Remote Game Server was  certified and deployed in  New Jersey and Europe  » Secured a 10-year services  agreement and £3.5m  convertible loan with   » Revenue excluding disposed non-core assets down by 1% Gaming Realms plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2 At a glance Gaming Realms develops, publishes and licenses mobile gaming content. Our market- leading mobile technology powers content distribution and monetization across real   money and social publishing markets. As the creator of a variety of Slingo™, bingo, slots and other casual games, we use our  proprietary data platform to build and engage global audiences that are expanding even  further via strategic lottery, media and platform partnerships. Gaming Realms has partnered  with some of the most successful and popular global platforms and operators. Innovation   at our heart Integrated game development, licensing and publishing IP licensor  » North American Lottery Printed Scratch  Games – Scientific Games  » Global Electronic Gaming Machines –  Scientific Games  » Global Lottery Mobile Instant Games – IWG  » Social Slot Games – Zynga Inc. Game development Game licensing Game publishing 3 Mobile games studios: End to end publisher with 100% regulated  gaming and social games revenues.  » Our mobile-first, real money gaming  platform ‘Grizzly’ is licensed in Alderney and  by the UK Gambling Commission.  » Our real money gaming players are  exclusively in the UK today.  » Our mobile-first, social games are available  on iOS, Google Play, Facebook, Amazon and  Group delivered a positive Adjusted  EBITDA of £0.8m for 2017 (2016:  £2m loss). This was achieved in part through  significant cost reductions primarily in Social  Publishing, and our rationalisation in overall  marketing. The Group’s strategy of disposing of non-core  assets, and concentrating on delivering  operating profit in its two main business  units, has resulted in the Group ending 2017  in a much stronger position than the previous  year. Following this strategy, we sold our   non-core affiliate business for £2.4m in  March 2018. We were able to grow Real Money Gaming  revenue by 5% to £22.7m during the year  (2016: £21.5m). This was achieved through  operational improvements including player  management, where bonus costs reduced   to circa 26% of Gross Gaming Revenue   (2016: 29%), and despite a 17% reduction   in marketing costs.  The UK Real Money Gaming market has  been challenging, with a great deal of new  regulation to contend with as well as adverse  changes in Point of Consumption tax. It  would therefore be remiss of me not to  emphasise the adverse effect that increased  Government regulation has had on our UK  Real Money Gaming business. Implementing  changes to comply with the various laws  incurs one off costs where it involves changes  to our platforms and software, and recurring  daily costs where it affects the operation of  4 June 2018 Gaming Realms plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 6 Chief Executive’s Review n 2017, the Group continued its  strategy to focus on developing its  unique proprietary content, ‘Slingo  Originals’, and achieve a positive  Adjusted EBITDA result. Real Money Gaming delivered revenue  growth in the very competitive UK market,  despite the headwinds of increased  regulation and Point of Consumption tax. We  continued to develop and distribute market  leading mobile content onto our Grizzly  platform as well as to third party operators.  We also streamlined our Social Publishing  business, reducing losses to break even and  creating further synergies with our games  studio in London. The investment in both our proprietary  platform and mobile content development  has led to the continued growth in a younger,  more casual player set. Mobile play has  increased to 84.0% (2016: 80.0%) of gross  gaming revenue.  Growth in 2017 has been supported by key  media deals with ITV, including Love Island  and Dancing On Ice, as well as continuing  relationships with Fremantle for the X Factor  and Britain’s Got Talent, which have allowed  us to offer a more targeted gambling offering  to our key demographic.  Real Money Gaming delivered revenue growth in the very  competitive UK market, despite the headwinds of increased  regulation and Point of Consumption tax. Patrick Southon Chief Executive Officer A focused strategy I Overview We have augmented