 5    Chairman’s Statement    Redefining the guest journey    2017 was another year of growth and expansion for accesso as we integrated new acquisitions, rolled-out market-leading technology  and won new business across the world. At the heart of our success remains our focus on the digital guest journey: helping our  customers improve their guests’ experience and in turn driving increased revenues. From the initial online research and buying decision  to arrival and at the attraction itself, to the feedback and follow-up processes operators use to better understand their customers,  accesso’s technology continues to help clients upgrade the experiences they can offer. Our ambition to support the largest operators  has taken our business to every corner of the globe and it is pleasing to see that our solutions are as applicable in different geographies  as they are across a number of vertical markets is being proven as we expand.       The year’s financial results reflect the progress being made across the business. During the year we delivered revenue of $133.4m up  from $102.5m last year, while operating profit was $9.2m in 2017, from $10.5m in 2016, as the income statement absorbed the  acquisition expenses of the two acquisitions made in the period and ongoing non-cash charges related to the acquisition strategy that  the Group has followed over recent years. More importantly, adjusted EBITDA was $24.6m up from $19.1m, which is more  representative of the Group’s underlying performance. These revenue and adjusted EBITDA numbers translate into 30.1% and 28.8%  growth respectively, indicating our ability to deliver meaningful profit from our revenue despite ongoing investment in R&D to ensure  our product remains the best in our industry.  We are proud to have now delivered a 7-year revenue CAGR of 23.9% and a 7-year  adjusted EBITDA CAGR of 32.2%.    Broad thinking focused on solutions  At accesso we think in terms of solutions rather than individual product lines. Over the past years, we have evolved our offering to  include a range of complementary technologies designed to meet a wide range of client needs, and we engage with existing and  prospective customers on this basis. We continue to increase the number of combined deployments of accesso technologies, with the  addition of Ingresso and TE2 strengthening our hand still further.     Looking through a different lens  The range and flexibility of our solutions also makes accesso particularly well placed to expand into new and exciting industry verticals.  We are increasingly establishing ourselves beyond our traditional theme and water park markets, making particular progress in ski and  snow sports, cultural attractions, museums, sports stadia, live music events and many more areas where we see the opportunity to  expand. Gradually, we have come to see our business progress more in terms of these established, adjacent and greenfield areas than 6    Chief Executive’s Statement    Operational Review  accesso has once again made significant strides in 2017. We continue to win a range of business across the Group and geographic  expansion continues at a good pace. New clients of varying size have deployed accesso technology for this first time this year, while  on a geographic view, deployments have also gone live for the first time in India, Singapore, Thailand, Ireland, Portugal and New  Zealand.     We also continue to progress well with the rollout of technology related to our agreement with Merlin Entertainments Group Ltd  (“Merlin”). With the majority of the initial investment required to deliver on that project now behind us, we are well placed to begin  benefiting from the longer-term international expansion opportunities that we always envisaged would be available as a result of  enhancing our global technology offering, establishing regional support networks and integrating with local payment and regulatory  systems.     We have also spent part of the year ensuring the smooth integration of Ingresso and TE2 into the accesso family. These acquisitions  have improved both the breadth and impact of our offering and are already being set to work with our existing products to improve  the range of solutions we can offer our customers.     People  We are acutely aware that our ability to attract and retain the best available talent across our organisation is vital to our ongoing  success, and during the year we have introduced a number of initiatives with this goal in mind. We continue to expand our workforce  to meet the growing demands of our scaling business and, our year end non-seasonal employee count, including those who joined as  part of the acquisitions, totaled nearly 500 at the end of the year, up from 362 in 2016. To better integrate our functional teams we  are currently combining three of our US East Coast offices into our largest office in Lake Mary, Florida, and we have also launched a  substantial computer-based training initiative available for all staff. I want to thank the whole team for its commitment and endeavour  during 2017, and we look forward to welcoming many more new faces in 2018.       Established Verticals  accesso sees its traditional verticals as theme and water park operators. We are proud to have many of the largest operators in this  area as clients, deploying multiple product offerings across what remains a vital and growing part of our business.     During 2017 we saw a number of positive developments in these verticals, with none more important than the continued roll out of  accesso Prism, our state-of-the-art in-park wearable device. In May, accesso Prism was successfully installed as the backbone of the  world’s first 100% queueless water park, bringing to life a long-held