 and Company Financial Statements 53 Company Information IBC * Before acquisition and integration expenses, share option charges, amortisation of intangibles, and foreign currency exchange. 02 KEYWORDS STUDIOS PLC  Strategic Report Further extended   our global reach At a Glance The Group now has over 40 studios strategically located in 35  cities worldwide to provide full, integrated services by combining  a presence that is local to our clients in key gaming clusters with  lower cost production sites across four continents. Since   the beginning of 2017, we have expanded further organically   and by acquisition into new locations including Santa Clara  (California), Raleigh (North Carolina), St. Petersburg,   Volgograd and Krakow. Revenue breakdown   by service: * The Group’s Engineering Service Line  was created in 2017 therefore there  are no figures available for 2016. Art Creation The creation of graphical art  assets for inclusion in the   video game including concept   art creation, 2D and 3D art   asset production, animation   and cinematics. See more on page 18. Keywords Studios continues  to build world-leading  capabilities in services that  video game and similar  interactive content creators  need. We stand shoulder-  to-shoulder with our clients  working as their external   or co-development partner  to provide dedicated  outsourced or embedded  services, providing access to  our teams of experts where  and when needed. Today  we have breadth and depth  in seven service lines. €26.2m +58% Audio Multi-language voiceover  recording, original language voice  production and related services. See more on page 18. €20.7m +20% Engineering * Collaborating with clients to  deliver richer definition for their  video gaming titles, learning  applications or visualisation   and simulation experiences.  Provide access to development  services and exclusive technology  platforms Keywords is well placed to deliver this. 06 KEYWORDS STUDIOS PLC  Strategic Report Chairman’s Statement Significant   growth globally The Group’s strong performance   reflects the continuation of   our proven strategy.  Ross Graham Chairman 07 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 I am delighted to report another excellent  performance, with the Group having  delivered significant revenue growth,   whilst maintaining margins, to achieve   a 55% increase in adjusted profit before   tax to €23.0m in the year (2016: €14.9m).  The Group’s strong performance reflects   the continuation of our proven strategy   to supplement strong organic growth with  acquisitions that further extend the Group’s  services and geographical reach to position  us as the leading creative and technical  services provider to the global video games  industry. We made eleven acquisitions during  the year, including two of our largest to date,  VMC and Sperasoft. These acquisitions have  enabled us to form a new Engineering service  line of scale, add co-development expertise,  expand the capacity of and capabilities   within our existing service lines considerably  and extend our geographical reach into  Eastern Europe.  In addition, we have invested in expanding  capacity at many of our studios including  Montreal, Zhengzhou, Manila, Dublin, Madrid  and Tokyo during the year with further  investments in expansion planned for 2018.  Managing and funding growth Part of the success of the Group can be  attributed to the ability of the management  team to source, execute and integrate  acquisitions effectively across the globe   and across our service lines whilst retaining  the Keywords culture, which is a particular  competency the team has built since IPO.  That this has been accomplished across   all of our service lines, now embracing   over 40 studios in 20 countries, during   2017 is a notable achievement. in order to ensure a smooth transition. 16 KEYWORDS STUDIOS PLC  Strategic Report Chief Executive’s Review An excellent  performance and   a strengthened  services platform 2017 saw Keywords successfully execute   11 acquisitions as we continue to   selectively consolidate our market. Andrew Day Group Chief Executive Officer 17 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 The Group has delivered another strong  performance, with good like-for-like growth  from the existing businesses combined   with successfully securing and integrating  acquisitions that have significantly enhanced  our services platform in line with our strategy.  Delivering on our strategy We continue to execute well in pursuit of our  strategy to build the world’s leading creative  and technical services platform focused   on the most complex of interactive content   – video games.  We operate in a service provision industry  which remains highly fragmented despite   the scale and global nature of the major   video games publishers and developers,   and the trend towards those clients  outsourcing a greater proportion of their  games development and in-game support   to manage the demands for increasingly  sophisticated content whilst limiting their  fixed costs.  The key pillars of our strategy are, therefore,  to grow organically and by acquisition   to extend the Group’s service capacity,  capabilities and geographical reach –   where we seek to gain access to markets   for the best talent or to be close to our   clients. By generating synergies across our  expanding multi-service global platform,   we are increasingly becoming a key strategic  partner to our customers.  2017 acquisitions  2017 saw Keywords successfully execute   11 acquisitions as we continue to selectively  consolidate our market. These businesses   are spread across multiple geographies   and added to all seven of our service lines  demonstrating the strength of our leadership 