 of water intensive industries.  Group highlights  ∙ Significant progress towards commercialising technology across all targeted applications  under IP-rich, capital-light models  ∙ Meaningful engagement with major industry players around the world  ∙ Group income increased to £2.3m (17-month 31 December 2016: £2.5m). Adjusted  EBITDA loss £28.7m (17-month 31 December 2016: loss £20.7m) 1  ∙ Year end cash £25.1m (17-month 31 December 2016: £28.9m) following £25m capital  raise in December 2017 to accelerate commercialisation against specific milestones 1  Adjusted EBITDA is defined as loss on ordinary activities before interest, tax, share-based payment expense, non-operating exceptional costs, depreciation and amortisation. Cleaning Technologies  ∙ High Performance Workwear:   Acquired Marken PPE Restoration in July 2017 and  Gloves Inc. in March 2018; national US coverage  expected in 2019.  ∙ Domestic Laundry:   Structured discussions with number of major  OEMs, after launch of domestic washing machine  incorporating Xeros technologies at the Consumer  Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January 2018.   ∙ Hotel & Lodging:   Ongoing discussions with two major OEMs on testing  and validation after launch of Symphony Project in  April 2017 – enables integration of Xeros technology in  OEM-branded machines.   Expansion of Forward Channel Partner network  reducing direct sales and service force. Pipeline of  opportunities in high water shortage/price countries  and regions of the US.  Total commissioned and revenue generating estate  of 381 machines up 80% in the year. Tanning Technologies  ∙ Successful scale trials with leading European  tanneries; focus on completing engineering solutions  to facilitate technology incorporation in existing  tannery processes.  ∙ Commercial negotiations on-going with multiple  tanneries.  ∙ Targeting first revenues in 2018. Textile Technologies  ∙ Successful lab trials in Denim finishing and Garment  dyeing.  ∙ IP filing protection now permits scale trials Chairman’s statement “The Xeros machines’ water and  power savings will provide our  department with long-term savings.  I am most impressed with the  customer service at Xeros, they truly  value their customers. Xeros will  continue to revolutionize the way  we clean firefighter gear. They are  committed to the health and safety  of firefighters.” Battalion Chief Frank Orefice Prince William County Department  of Fire and Rescue, VA 08 Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 Xeros Technology Group plc We have established that our  technologies can deliver these  benefits in three world-scale  industries: cleaning, tanning and  textiles. We are now progressively  commercialising applications  in these sectors to generate  profitable returns, leveraging  our intellectual property and  know-how with low capital  requirements. Mark Nichols Chief Executive Officer Strategic review Xeros develops polymer based technologies which radically  improve the sustainability, performance and economics  of water intensive processes, dramatically reducing water,  chemistry, energy and effluent whilst either meeting or  exceeding the conventional quality standards for the materials  being processed. We have established that our technologies can deliver these  benefits in three world-scale industries: cleaning, tanning and  textiles. We are now progressively commercialising applications  in these sectors to generate profitable returns, leveraging  our intellectual property and know-how with low capital  requirements. Given the scale of the markets in which we operate, our  strategy is to commercialise our technology with partners  who already have strong international market positions and  who also demonstrate a strategic intent to deliver increased  levels of sustainability. The disruptive nature of our technology  enables the creation of new high value-added business models  and revenue streams. Where necessary, we enter markets  ourselves to prove out our propositions so that our prospective  partners benefit from materially lower risk profiles when they  join us in the commercialisation process. In order to accelerate the adoption of our technology, Chief Executive Officer’s review 09 Xeros Technology Group plc Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 Operating review Cleaning Technologies High Performance Workwear Having extensively trialled our technology in the high added  value Personal Protective Equipment (“PPE”) market during  2017, we entered this market with the acquisition of Marken  PPE Restoration’s operations in Nevada in July 2017. Turnover  for the five months ended December 2017 totalled £0.2m. This  was an initial step in our aim to create a nation-wide network  which will enable us to serve the US firefighter market. We have  since acquired our second and third sites in Atlanta and Miami  through the acquisition of the trade and assets of Gloves Inc.  in March 2018 and are targeting to open two more by the end  of the current year. Our target is to have a total of five sites by  the end of 2018 with full national coverage of the US achieved  by the end of 2019. The US firefighter PPE market is a specialist market for the  cleaning, inspection and repair of uniforms and is valued at  approximately $330m p.a. With 1.1m firefighters in the US, there  are 350,000 professional firefighters based in approximately  8,000 fire crews. Nearly 40% of these professional firefighters  are based within 100 miles of one of the top 10 major US  metropolitan areas. Each professional firefighter has, on  average, two sets of bespoke turnout gear. Once our network in the US is completed, we believe we will  create a valuable proprietary asset which can be leveraged  to bring our technology to PPE markets on a global basis.  The PPE market spans many additional sub-segments  including petrochemicals, mining, military and transportation,  many of which are becoming increasingly aware of the adverse  and potentially dangerous effects of incorrectly or insufficiently  cleaned workwear. In the transportation sector, we increased  the footprint of machines in