 Contents Key highlights Costofoilproductionperbarrel US$/bbl 2015 2016 2017 40.82 24.7 19.1 Strategic report Other information Financial statements Corporate governance 02 Energean Oil & Gas plc Annual Report 2017 Energean Oil & Gas plc Annual Report 2017 03 Chairman’s statement Embarking on an exciting   chapter in our history Dear Shareholder, I was delighted to join the Board of Energean as Chairman in  July 2017. Since then, I have been impressed by how much the  Company has achieved in a few months in running the day-to-day  business, making significant progress on both the Karish and  Tanin project and the Prinos Basin expansion, and, most recently,  becoming a Premium Listed Company on the London Stock  Exchange (‘LSE’) in March 2018, the first significant European oil  and gas E&P listing since 2014 and the largest ever primary raise  for a Premium-Listed E&P company on the LSE.  These achievements are driven by a strong corporate culture  and an equally strong health, safety and environmental (‘HSE’)  focus, backed by a professional management team. The staff  of Energean are determined to make the Company the leading  independent operator in the Eastern Mediterranean. Our Board and Management are focused on this goal and are  committed to achieving it while delivering value for shareholders  and stakeholders. OurBoardandgovernance Our Board was chosen to ensure that, as a fast-growing public  Company, Energean demonstrates best practice governance  standards and provides sound stewardship.  We are fortunate to have deep sector, financial, HSE and  capital markets expertise on the Board to guide the Company  going forward. As a Premium Listed Company, the Board will comply with  the UK Corporate Governance Code. We have appointed audit,  risk, governance and remuneration committees to safeguard  shareholders’ interests and provide a strong governance  framework.  Our people The depth and breadth of skills across our technical, engineering,  geological and financial teams and wider workforce, enables  us to be agile in our decision making and to deliver our growth  projects while remaining open to future opportunities.  Energean’s management team has over 200 years’ combined  experience in the Energean Oil & Gas plc Annual Report 2017 05 04 Energean Oil & Gas plc Annual Report 2017 Chief Executive’s review A sustainable growth story Mathios Rigas ChiefExecutiveOfficer A new era... When Energean was established in 2007, it was with a clear  vision to build the leading independent E&P company in the  Eastern Mediterranean. We saw a region which had been  overlooked and under-exploited by the international oil and gas  majors, and one that would inevitably need more gas  development to cater for growing demand for cleaner energy  in the surrounding states. The past decade has been one of considerable growth, learning,  investment and achievement for Energean. We are embarking on a new era for the Company and for the  emerging oil and gas industry in the Eastern Mediterranean –  a region which could soon become a globally significant gas hub. Since 2008, we have steadily expanded our operating footprint  from one country to four; from two licences in Greece to  13 licences in the Eastern Mediterranean; and from 2 mmboe (2P)  reserves in our Prinos licence to 51 mmboe (2P) reserves and  339 mmboe (2C) resources across our portfolio. In a very short  period, we have taken the prospective Karish and Tanin gas fields,  offshore Israel, from acquisition in December 2016, through  a Field Development Plan (FDP) and financing, to a Final  Investment Decision (FID). This is a remarkable achievement,  of which we are very proud. Advancingourflagshipproject:  Karish and Tanin Having signed 12 Long Term Gas Sales & Purchase Agreements  with the leading Independent Power Producers (IPPs) and  industrial companies in Israel, we have secured substantial  revenues underpinning Energean’s performance over the next  two decades and will meet the Israeli Government’s objectives   of encouraging competition in the domestic Gas market and  improving supply security from 2021, when we plan to produce  first gas from Karish. Delivering the project on time and on budget has been affirmed  through an Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Installation  & Commissioning Chairman’s letter Diversity The Board understands the benefits of diversity in maintaining  and improving the quality of performance and all Board  appointments are made against objective criteria and with   due regard to the benefits of diversity, in all senses. The Board will be establishing a Board diversity policy in 2018 and  we look forward to presenting the key principles of the new policy  and how it has been implemented in the 2018 Annual Report.  Board evaluation  As the IPO took place in March 2018, the Board did not undertake  an evaluation during 2017. However, the Board has discussed the  benefits of undertaking a review and an internal review of Board  effectiveness will be undertaken in 2018. The internal review will  focus on the governance policies and procedures which we have  introduced and will play a key role in identifying any areas for  further improvement in our corporate governance framework. Engagement with shareholders  We place emphasis on active engagement with our shareholders  and aim to maintain open and transparent communication.   We laid the foundations for this ongoing shareholder dialogue   as we progressed through the listing process, and look to  continue this through 2018 and beyond.  Looking ahead, I expect 2018 to be an important year for  Energean as the Group continues to grow and focus on the  development of Karish and Tanin. In this context, developing and  maintaining the high standards of governance established to date  will be of critical importance.  I look forward to engaging with