 financial statements 136  Parent company statement  of changes in equity 202  Parent company statement  of financial position 203  Notes to the parent company  financial statements 204 Shareholder information  Group financial record 211  General information 212  KPI KPI KPI KPI KPI Financial KPI Other financial and non-financial KPIs Please see pages 32 to 33 for  a description of the Group’s  financial and non-financial KPIs  and how they link to the  Group’s strategic priorities. Visit: g4s.com for more information. The Chief Financial Officer’s review  is on pages 37 to 50. a. See page 44 for basis of preparation and  definition of core businesses and for a  reconciliation to statutory results. An  explanation of Alternative Performance  Measures is provided on page 35. KPI Highlights and contents Front cover: G4S provides technology and physical security services for the three consortia building the  Thames Tideway tunnel. G4S is securing the project as a fully-integrated partner for security  across all 21 construction worksites. The Thames Tideway tunnel is a £4.2 billion construction project, designed to stop London’s  iconic River Thames from being polluted. A cleaner Thames and a more attractive riverside will  help underpin London’s economic prosperity, attracting more tourists, and boosting the use of  river transport. It is also expected to help revitalise small local businesses and the commercial  fishing industry, by encouraging healthy marine life. KPI Strategic report Integrated Report and Accounts 2017 G4S plc 1 SECURITY SERVICES AND TECHNOLOGY (77%) Market G4S operates an integrated security business in more  than 90 countries across the globe. The 2 G4S plc Integrated Report and Accounts 2017 OUR STRATEGY Our strategy addresses the positive,  long‑term demand for security and related  services, and our enduring strategic aim is  to demonstrate the values and performance  that make G4S the company of choice for  customers, employees and shareholders. We aim to do this by delivering industry‑ leading, innovative solutions and  outstanding service to our customers, by  providing engaging and rewarding work for  employees and by generating sustainable  growth and returns for our shareholders.  These aims are underpinned by the key  programmes in our strategic plan: Integration Integrated Managed  Services Manned & Mobile  Security, FM Monitoring &  Response Consultancy  Services Systems  Integration Security  Software & Hardware Margin PEOPLE AND VALUES CUSTOMERS AND  SERVICE EXCELLENCE TECHNOLOGY AND  INNOVATION OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE  AND PRODUCTIVITY Our people and values underpin everything we   do. Our ‘One G4S’ model brings all areas of our  business together and is designed to ensure that the  way we go about our business is consistent across  our global operations and is strongly aligned with  our strategy and our values. We believe that this approach will generate  significant benefits for our customers, employees  and shareholders. OUR VALUES Please see pages 22 to 58 for case  studies of our values in action and  sustainable development goals. Please see pages 14 and  15 for more details. Monitoring technology  4 G4S plc Integrated Report and Accounts 2017 PEOPLE AND VALUES Organisation Over the past four years we   have invested in sales, business  development, technology and  our support and control systems,  processes and resources. We now have sufficient  strength and depth in these areas to enable us to  implement the next, critical phase of our organisational  development and with effect from1 January 2018 we  have reorganised the Group-wide management of our  core business. The principal features of this change are: • Creation of a Global Cash Solutions division • Consolidation of our Secure Solutions businesses  into four regions: Americas, Europe & Middle East,  Africa and Asia Our new organisation will enable us to strengthen  further our strategic, commercial and operational focus  in each of our core service lines. We will continue to  build and utilise shared services for the provision of  efficient and fit-for-purpose support functions to all  businesses and this element of our organisational  development has significant unrealised potential. The biographies of the leaders of our principal  businesses are set out on pages 70 and 71. 66 G4S plc Integrated Report and Accounts 2017 to this need during the board members recruitment  process but also when reviewing committees  composition, as we did in December. I am confident  that the board has significant, diverse and relevant skills  and experience, with strong international exposure and  knowledge of a significant number of industries (further  information on the board balance is set out on page 74).  Performance evaluation Our externally facilitated performance evaluation was  conducted between July and December 2017. The  results confirmed that the board and its committees  continue to operate well, with all directors contributing  to the overall success of the Group. I led the  performance evaluation process, with assistance from  the Senior Independent Director and the company  secretary. All the directors participated. The knowledge  gained from the previous external evaluation allowed   us to conduct a more focused evaluation this year. The  board and committees performance review process is  described in detail on page 77 and I am pleased to  confirm that no significant issues were raised. Changes to the board Due to continued ill health, Ian Springett retired from  the board on 20 June 2017. We were very sorry that  Ian was unable to join our board and we wish him well  for the future. Paul Spence, who was already a member  of the Audit Committee, served as interim chair with  effect from 20 January. I am very grateful to Paul for   his strong stewardship.  The Nomination Committee