 105  Notes to the consolidated  financial statements 155 Company balance sheet 156  Company statement of  changes in equity 157  Notes to the Company   balance sheet 173 Group statistical information 174 Cautionary statement 175 Glossary of terms 176 Shareholder information 1 Thermal Ceramics Thermal ceramics to protect   critical components    Our high temperature fibre,  refractory and microporous  insulation provide thermal  management in manufacturing. 2 Molten Metal Systems  Crucibles for casting of  industrial components   We produce crucibles which  are used in manufacturing  large components in a variety  of industries. 3 Electrical Carbon  Wheel motors for mining   We are the leading manufacturer  of carbon brushes for mining,  used in applications such as wheel  motors, hoists or conveyors. 4 Seals and Bearings  Seals for industrial applications   Our carbon, graphite and silicon  carbide seals possess superior wear  characteristics, making them ideal  for industrial use. 5 Technical Ceramics  Laser reflectors   We produce laser reflector tubes,  in large and complex dimensions,  which are used in cutting and  welding. Industrial Financial Statements  Page 100 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements   Annual Report 2017 Morgan Advanced Materials 01 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Customer Focus Reliable  problem  solving  ethically and  safely Materials Science Application Engineering Our strengths  > Leading technology and materials  science capability and process  know-how  > Application engineering  > Customer focus, reputation   and brand  > Strong market positions  > People and culture  > Selling into 100 countries  > Manufacturing in 30 countries  > Approximately 8,800 employees Our products Morgan Advanced Materials  manufactures   Annual Report 2017 Morgan Advanced Materials 09 Chairman’s statement We continue to make good progress with the  implementation of our strategy and we have  delivered a good set of results, growing the  business organically and driving efficiencies to  fund £8.5 million of incremental investment in  R&D, sales and wider business infrastructure. Safe and ethical working is the top priority for  the Group. 2017 was a disappointing year from  a safety perspective. Our lost time accident rate  (accidents per 100,000 hours worked) increased  from 0.27 to 0.39 in the year. In part this was  the result of a serious road traffic accident in the  USA when a minibus carrying members of our  Thermal Products operations team to our plant  was hit by another vehicle. Nineteen employees  were injured in this incident. However, we have  also seen increased accident rates in several  businesses beyond this one serious accident,  and we have further work to do to improve.  Our ‘thinkSAFE’ programme, launched in 2015,  is the vehicle for us to do this and we will be  increasing the breadth and intensity of activity  on safety further in 2018.  We are now two years into the initial three-year  implementation phase of our strategy. We laid  out six execution priorities for the first three  years and I am pleased with the progress we  have made against those during the year. It will  take several years to see the full benefits from  the changes and investments that we are making,  but we have made a good start and are starting  to see some early successes across the business.  The foundation for this has been our operational  improvements. These accelerated during the  year, and consequently we have been able to  invest more in the business during the year in  technology development, sales and increasing  functional capability and depth.  > The net debt* to EBITDA* ratio at Morgan Advanced Materials Annual Report 2017 10 Chief Executive Officer’s review Strategic Report To reach this goal we need to develop our  capabilities further and address performance  gaps in the business. In February 2016 we set six  execution priorities that we are pursuing through  to the end of 2018 to strengthen the Group and  deliver resilient financial performance and  faster growth: 1. Move to a global business structure. We completed the move to a global business  structure in March 2016. The change in structure  has improved global co-ordination across the  Group and has sharpened accountability within  each of our global business units. This is an  important change to enable the wider changes  we need to make and we completed this without  any loss of business momentum. 2. Improve technical leadership.  Our objective is to strengthen our technical  teams and increase our investment in research  and development to around 4% of sales (from  2.8% of sales in 2015) over the next two to  three years.  We have increased our investment in technology  development by £5.1 million in 2017, to £34.3  million, representing 3.4% of sales. We have  expanded the technical teams in our new Carbon  Science Centre of Excellence and in our new  Metals and Joining Centre of Excellence. Further  recruitment is underway in both places to expand  the teams during 2018. We have also added  technical resources to our Structural Ceramics  Centre of Excellence to develop new products  and processes for the structural ceramics  business. It typically takes a number of years for  these new developments to come to market,  but in the case of our Metals and Joining Centre  of Excellence, we have been able to accelerate  new development of a new cored-wire alloy  and product samples were in trials with customers  by the end of the year. These are vital investments  to enhance the future differentiation