 Corporate calendar 60 Our awards 61 02 Belvoir Lettings plc Annual report and accounts 2017 At a glance Our reach Belvoir operates in both the lettings and sales markets  and has 300 offices across the whole of the UK. 300 total number of offices See our business model on pages 8–9 Growth through acquisition We are the UK’s largest property franchise group and we continue  to grow organically by delivering award-winning service and  through acquisition at both the franchisee and the corporate level. Our Group Belvoir was founded in February 1995 as a specialist  franchised lettings agent and extended its services  to encompass estate agency in 2014. Over the past  three years, the Belvoir Group has adopted a  multi-brand strategy by acquiring the Newton  Fallowell, Goodchilds and Northwood franchise  networks, and now operates from 300 offices  nationwide with a portfolio of 58,020 managed  properties, making it the UK’s largest property  franchise group with total revenue of £11.3m.  In 2017 the Group acquired Brook, a specialist  mortgage broker, providing customers with  mortgage and property-related financial  services products. Why invest in Belvoir? Proven multi-brand franchise model  Award-winning services delivered  by established network Recurring revenue stream Long-serving, experienced leadership  team delivering growth Highly trained staff with  expert knowledge 20 11 5 SCOTLAND 11 6 YORKSHIRE  AND THE  HUMBER 9 6 1 EAST OF  ENGLAND NORTHERN  IRELAND 5 SOUTH WEST 8 9 WALES 4 2 SOUTH EAST 21 18 NORTH   EAST 3 1 NORTH   WEST 24 16 LONDON 12 EAST  MIDLANDS 28 7 31 WEST  MIDLANDS 26 9 7 Belvoir Northwood Newton Fallowell 03 Annual report and accounts 2017 Belvoir Lettings plc Our acquisition timeline Having developed a multi-brand platform, the Group is looking to grow further through the acquisition of additional  significant strategy on page 16 04 Belvoir Lettings plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Chairman’s statement I am pleased to report that the Belvoir Group has made significant  progress, increasing profitability by over 60%, in a year that has  been a testing one for some companies in the property sector. Performance Total revenue of £11.3m was underpinned by increases in both MSF  from lettings and sales of 23% and 21% respectively, with organic  growth being enhanced by growth from acquisitions and increased  take-up of property sales by both the Belvoir and Northwood  networks. This is a testament to the resilience of the business  format franchising model and the responsiveness of this model to  changing markets. In the face of uncertainty from the introduction  of new regulations, our franchisees have risen to the challenge with  many seeing growth through portfolio acquisition opportunities at a  local level and pursuing new revenue streams, such as property sales  and financial services, as a means to securing their long-term future.  Strategy The Board of Belvoir identified financial services as a potential  growth area for the Group, and in July 2017 acquired Brook  as an excellent vehicle for maximising our return from individual  property transactions through the sale of specialist mortgage  and property-related financial services. I would like to take this  opportunity to welcome Michelle Brook and her team to the  Belvoir Group. Brook is already working closely with all 39 Newton  Fallowell offices and, with 25 Belvoir and six Northwood offices  already on board, I have every confidence in their ability to roll out  their financial services offering across the other Group networks. At the Group level, we continue in our aim to extend our share of  the UK property market by leveraging our expertise as a franchisor,  as we see a genuine benefit to all stakeholders from further  consolidation within the sector. We firmly believe that Belvoir is  best placed the current changing market conditions.” 05 Annual report and accounts 2017 Belvoir Lettings plc Chief Executive Officer’s statement To what extent will online estate agencies threaten  the traditional estate and lettings agency business?  Traditional estate agents, as opposed to exclusively online  estate agency businesses, handle over 90% of property  transactions in the UK. Vendors, especially landlords, continue  to value the local expertise and cost effectiveness available  across our network of offices.  Online agents have succeeded in lowering the public’s expectation  of how much they should be paying for estate agency services.  As a relatively new entrant to estate agency, downward pressure  on fees has not negatively impacted our business and in fact,  having adjusted for the full year impact of Northwood, we are  still 10% up year on year on MSF from estate agency. What impact do you see Brexit having on the  property market?  There has been no discernible impact from the transition  towards Brexit. Whilst during 2017 a slow down in the property  market was anticipated, the number of property transactions  remained surprisingly stable and was only 1% down year on year  and changes in our business model has meant that network  revenue from estate agency increased. In our opinion the reason  that property transactions remained stable in 2017 was due to  two main factors: supply and demand, and access to relatively  cheap mortgage lending. There continues to be a shortage of suitable housing within the  UK for either home ownership or to rent, and given that EU  nationals currently living in the UK will have the same residency  rights after Brexit, there is no foreseeable reduction in the  current level of demand for housing. So, whilst any uncertainty  could have a short-term impact, the longer-term dynamics  remain the same. Do you think the upcoming ban on tenancy fees  is the right solution to