 ABOUT US 03 Greggs plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report 03 Greggs plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic progress 2017 has been another year of strong performance as  we continued on our journey to transform Greggs into   a winning brand in the food-on-the-go market. We’ve  been busy developing our great product offer to meet  customer needs, opening more shops in new locations  while refurbishing our existing estate and investing in  improved customer service. We made significant progress in the fourth year of   our major process and systems investment programme.   We have made a good start with our £100 million supply  chain investment programme to increase logistics  capacity, consolidate our manufacturing operations into  centres of excellence to improve product quality and  support shop growth, allowing us to compete more  effectively in the food-on-the-go market. The result has  been a fourth consecutive year of strong like-for-like  sales growth and record profits.  Total sales  £960m+7.4% £960m+7.4% Diluted EPS 63.5p 55.7p Company-managed shop like-for-like (LFL)  sales growth 3.7% 3.7% Ordinary dividend 32.3p+4.2% 32.3p+4.2% Pre-tax profit  £81.8m+1.9% £71.9m-4.3% Return on capital employed 26.9% 23.7% Underlying excluding exceptional items Total including exceptional items Detailed calculations of Alternative Performance Measures, not otherwise shown in the Income Statement   and related notes, are detailed on page 106. Strategy 06 Greggs plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Greggs performed well in 2017, delivering  further like-for-like sales growth as well as  expanding its estate of shops. This was  achieved despite significant inflationary  headwinds and alongside continued major  investment in line with our strategic plan.  These investments are creating the  platform for us to deliver sustainable  long-term growth for the benefit of   all stakeholders. Overview Greggs once again demonstrated the resilience   of its people and business model, delivering a solid  trading and financial performance in the face of  increased cost inflation and a strategic change  programme. The development of our products   and shop formats has opened up additional  opportunities for growth in shop numbers and we  expect this expansion to continue in the year ahead.  We are investing significantly in our supply chain to  enable this growth, whilst continuing to make  improvements to our processes and systems that   will deliver enhanced capability and efficiency to  compete in the fast-moving food-on-the-go market. Our people and values In 2017 we began the investment in our supply chain  that will enable us to deliver growth whilst remaining  competitive in terms of the quality and price of our  products. As I reported last year this involved taking  some difficult decisions, particularly regarding the  organisation of our manufacturing and logistics  operations. We have worked hard over the last year  to carry out the necessary changes in line with our  values. There has been much challenge and dialogue  but the whole team has worked together with the  best interests of the business in mind, and   I would like to extend my thanks to all involved. Greggs has a long history of conducting its business   in a responsible manner. We have made great strides  in environmental management in recent years and are  working with others in our industry to make further  improvements. This includes finding solutions to  increase the proportion of packaging that can be  recycled and ensuring that more of our surplus   food is channelled to those who need it most. We have a strong Turn to page 16 to find out more. 10 Greggs plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT In 2017 we delivered another strong  performance in challenging economic  circumstances as rising inflation impacted  both our own costs and customers’  disposable income. At the same time,   we continued to make good progress with  our business transformation programme,  investing in new systems and processes   as well as increased capacity and efficiency  in our supply chain. We are successfully  developing our product offer to meet  customer needs and investing in improved  customer service, in addition to   accelerating growth in shop numbers. Financial performance Total sales grew to £960.0 million in 2017, up 7.4 per  cent. Within this company-managed shop like-for-like  sales grew by 3.7 per cent. Underlying operating profit, excluding property profits  and exceptional items, grew by 4.6 per cent to £81.7  million (2016: £78.1 million). Pre-tax profit (including  exceptional items) fell by 4.3 per cent to £71.9 million. Market background  Economic conditions became more challenging in  2017, with business cost inflation rising significantly  due to food ingredient and labour cost increases  affecting the entire sector. We were able to leverage  our scale and deliver productivity improvements to  mitigate some of these pressures but, as expected,  saw some year-on-year margin slippage. The market  generally saw price inflation returning to the food  sector, which resulted in a slowdown in disposable  income growth for our customers. Whilst the food-on-the-go sector remains highly  competitive, a further year of unbroken growth in  like-for-like sales demonstrates the continued  relevance and strength of the Greggs brand. Good growth and  further strategic  progress Delivering our strategy Greggs is a strong and trusted brand and we   draw on our heritage in fresh bakery to compete  successfully in the food-on-the-go market. Our  purpose is to make good, freshly prepared food  accessible to everyone with the aim of becoming  the customers’ favourite for food-on-the-go. We are committed to conducting our business   in a responsible manner and, in doing so,   to have