 112 Definitions and Glossary Highlights  Decisive management action  returned Group to profit in H2  after challenging H1 Revenue £335.8m FY16: £342.4m Adjusted EBITDA £48.9m FY16: £68.6m Adjusted EBITA £1.8m FY16: £20.5m Operating loss (£71.4)m FY16: (£2.7)m  Reported EPS (basic and diluted) (49.96)p FY16: loss of (11.18)p  Adjusted EPS (diluted) (5.68)p FY16: earnings of 2.94p Core utilisation (LTM) 50% FY16: 50%  Specialist utilisation (LTM) 73% FY16: 75%  Find out more in our Financial Review   on page 18 This Report contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the operations, strategy, performance, financial condition and growth opportunities of the Group.  By their nature, these statements involve uncertainty and are based on assumptions and involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and  developments to differ materially from those anticipated. The forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and information available at the date of preparation of this Report  and, other than in accordance with its legal and regulatory obligations, HSS Hire Group plc undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Nothing  in this Report should be construed as a profit forecast. HSS Hire Group plc  Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Branch CDC (Customer distribution centres) CDC Strategic Report Our Business   at a Glance Our story The HSS Hire Group is a leading provider of tools,  equipment and related services in the UK and  Ireland. Our nationwide network ensures easy  access to an extensive range that has grown to  include specialist capabilities including power  solutions business, ABird and powered access  provider, UK Platforms. Focused on delivering Safety, Value, Availability and Support,  we work predominantly with ‘business-to-business’ customers  in the ‘fit-out’, maintain and operate sectors. We are dedicated  to helping them all work safely, efficiently and cost-effectively. Our team of HSSers are the reason we are able to deliver a hire HSS Hire Group plc  Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 4 5 Strategic Review and progress made We conducted a thorough, all-encompassing  Strategic Review, reviewing the profitability of  each customer, product and branch, as well  as the most efficient operating model to  support our business going forward.  To this end there are three clear areas of  focus for the year ahead: 1 Delever the Group 2 Repair and revitalise  the Tool Hire business 3 Strengthen the Group’s  commercial proposition I am encouraged by the outcome of the  Strategic Review, the findings of which we  presented in December 2017 , and am  confident that the delivery of these three  priorities will improve Group profitability in  2018 and beyond.  We have already made good progress in  the implementation of the strategy, and  we are on track to deliver the annualised  savings of £10m-£14m, which we  presented in December.  As we communicated as part of the  Strategic Review in December 2017, an  agreement was reached in principle with  Unipart at the end of 2017 and was finalised  on 13 February 2018. This allows us to  make significant changes to our supply  chain, in order to optimise our network.  The National Distribution and Engineering  Centre model was initially envisaged to  support a much larger branch network.  Based on the size of our current network,  this model is no longer cost-effective. We  therefore decided to move testing and  some engineering back into the network  and as a consequence, significantly reduce  distribution costs. These changes have  been positively received and will lead to  improved product availability and contribute  annualised cost savings of around £11m of  the total anticipated cost savings stated  above. These changes resulted in an  exceptional cost of £41m, which includes  various one off payments in 2018 and cash  which will now expire on 6 July 2019.  Under the terms of the agreement, if the  Group has not completed a refinancing by  30 September 2018, the facility will expire  at the option of the lenders on 30 April  2019. Management continues to make  good progress towards refinancing the  Group and expects to complete this   during 2018.  We have prepared the accounts on a  going concern basis as the Board is  confident that the Group will be able to  refinance these debt facilities well in  advance of their maturity dates.  Dividend The Board is focused on reducing net  debt and, after careful consideration of the  performance of the Group during the year,  and in line with the clear priorities set out  in our Strategic Review, believes it is in the  best interests of the shareholders of the  Group, to not pay a final dividend in  respect of 2017. Looking ahead The positive trading momentum in the  second half of the financial year has  continued into 2018. Underlying revenue  grew by 6% in the first quarter of 2018  against prior year with underlying rental  revenue growing 3% and our already  actioned cost initiatives are delivering  benefits as expected. Based on this  positive start to the new financial year we  expect the LTM Adjusted EBITDA at the  end of March to be around £54m with the  first quarter Adjusted EBITDA being more  than 50% higher than the previous year.  This clearly benefits the net leverage ratio  of the Group, which has reduced to 4.3x  as at the end of Q1 18. Looking forward  we expect Net Leverage to reduce to  3.2x following the implementation of the  identified strategic actions. Our focus will be on developing a leaner  operation, improving product