 2 £1,800.3m (2016: £1,708.5m) +5.4% ADJUSTED EBITDA 2 £152.6m (2016: £146.4m) +4.2% OPERATING PROFIT £96.2m (2016: £91.5m) +5.1% NET DEBT £266.6m (2016: £366.9m) -£100.3m 1 Growth versus Full Year 2016 on a 52 week basis. 2 Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”), including ‘like-for-like’,  ‘adjusted’ and ‘underlying’ are used as a guide to performance.   The definitions and calculations for APMs are set out in Note 41 of   the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Note: Throughout the Annual Report, all comparative amounts are presented   for the 53 week period ended 31 December 2016 unless otherwise stated. Disclaimer — Forward-looking statements This Annual Report, prepared by Bakkavor Group plc (“the Company”), may contain forward-looking statements about Bakkavor Group plc and its subsidiaries (“the Group”).  Forward-looking statements involve uncertainties because they relate to events, and depend on circumstances, that will, or may, occur in the future. If the assumptions on  which the Group bases its forward-looking statements change, actual results may differ from those expressed in such statements. Forward-looking statements speak only   as of the date they are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Nothing in this report should be construed as a profit  forecast. Some numbers and period on period percentages in this report have been rounded or adjusted in order to ensure consistency with the financial information. WE ARE THE LEADING PROVIDER   OF FRESH PREPARED FOOD IN THE UK  WITH A GROWING INTERNATIONAL  PRESENCE IN THE US AND CHINA. WE HAVE A CLEAR STRATEGY,   A STRONG MARKET POSITION AND CLOSE  STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS WITH  OUR CUSTOMERS. WE ARE DRIVEN BY OUR INSIGHT   AND ABILITY TO INNOVATE, CONSISTENTLY  DELIVERING HIGH-QUALITY PRODUCTS   TO MEET EVOLVING CONSUMER NEEDS. WE ARE BAKKAVOR OVERVIEW AT A GLANCE We employ over 19,000 people and operate from 39 locations, including   24 factories, three distribution centres and our head office in the 6 Bakkavor Group plc — 2017 Annual Report We have been a fresh prepared food pioneer for decades, harnessing our expertise  in chilled manufacturing and fresh produce to successfully create high-quality  products that continually meet consumers’ ever-evolving tastes and demands. It is our ‘farm to fork’ expertise, our ability to operate at scale and our focus on  outstanding customer service that have ensured our clear leadership in the UK  FPF market. Translating and applying these strengths to our international markets  is enabling us to exploit further opportunities for growth. SEE HOW IT’S MADE blog.bakkavor.com In 2017, we supplied over 30 different products using   beetroot to our customers in the UK, including a vibrant  beetroot and mint dip. STRATEGIC REPORT OUR BUSINESS MODEL Consumers are at the heart   of what we do: our deep  understanding of the food  choices they make enables   us to create and make   innovative products for our  customers that set us apart   from our competitors.  Focusing on customer service  and continuously creating   and making food that is  commercially viable and meets  consumer demand is what   drives our business and   what creates value for   our stakeholders. WHAT DIFFERENTIATES US We have a number of strengths which, combined with a confidence in market  fundamentals and demand for fresh prepared food, help differentiate us in the industry: • Clear leadership in the attractive UK FPF market and across product categories • Proven operating model of managing complexity and ability to manufacture short   shelf-life products at scale • Strong and long-standing customer relationships in all our markets • Ability to generate customer and consumer specific insights to drive 14 Bakkavor Group plc — 2017 Annual Report Innovation is one of our core values and we are extremely proud of our capabilities   and expertise, always challenging ourselves to think of great ideas that our  customers and consumers love. By collaborating across our sites, we bring together different competencies including  allergen management, delicate fruit preparation and technical yoghurt processing. These capabilities, combined with our consumer insight expertise, enabled us to create  and launch a range of fresh breakfast compotes, including a pomegranate bircher  muesli, to appeal to consumers looking for ‘ready to eat’ healthy breakfast ‘on the move’. Pomegranate seeds have become increasingly popular   due to their health benefits — they also make a great topping  on our breakfast pots. SEE HOW IT’S MADE blog.bakkavor.com STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW CONTINUED Producing innovative, commercially successful food that offers  choice, quality, convenience and freshness for consumers  remains the foundation of our success and is what drives  growth in the UK. The Group has a proven operating model for a challenging  operational environment, producing over 2,000 short shelf-life  products at scale. This level of complexity gives us a unique  competitive advantage in the UK segment, which contributed  around 90% to total Group revenue in 2017. During the past year, we have reinforced our leading position in  each of the four FPF categories of meals, salads, desserts and  pizza & bread, continuing to work collaboratively with key  customers to support their growth plans through investments  and innovation.  Our close partnerships with our customers, our track record in  food safety, combined with our proven ability to generate cash  for reinvestment in the business for efficiencies, maintenance  and growth, position us well to deliver on our UK strategy. UK PERFORMANCE  The UK business generated £1,636.3 million in revenue from  continuing operations in 2017, up 4.6% 1  compared to the prior  year on a 52 week basis. Like-for-like revenue 2  was £1,621.3  million, which is 4.9% up on 2016. Revenue growth in 2017 was partly driven by price increases