 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 We monitor the highest grossing casinos  in Las Vegas, New York, and Singapore. Gaming is one of the most technically demanding, highly regulated  leisure industries in the world. Monitoring vast, crowded facilities in  low-light conditions where massive amounts of cash constantly  changes hands creates a distinctive and challenging surveillance  environment for our clients. We have a deep and unique  understanding of our clients’  issues and challenges.  And, we draw on this to create solutions they can  rely on completely – giving them peace of mind  by securing the people, assets, and livelihoods  that they are responsible for protecting. We secure 60% of the UK’s   nuclear power stations. Our commercial and public sector customers require sophisticated  yet user-friendly solutions to protect critical infrastructure, often  in large scale, operationally difficult environments, which present  great technical complexity. serving 55  countries Introduction 03 Synectics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Introduction 04 Synectics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chairman’s statement Overview Last year saw the 30th anniversary of the start-up of Synectics.  This landmark provided the occasion not only to celebrate the  achievements of all those who have helped to build Synectics  into a successful technology business, from the founders to our  current apprentices, but also to reflect on what has changed  and what endures. I am pleased to say that during my engagement across the  various parts of the business in 2017 I found a high degree of  alignment around the enduring purpose and values of Synectics;  I won’t repeat these, since they are set out in detail elsewhere,  suffice it to say here that the core elements are, and have been  for 30 years, value to customers and innovation. I believe these  will remain the foundation for a sustainable and prosperous  future for the Company. During the 2016/17 financial year the Group’s results continued to  reflect the impact of the 2015 collapse in global oil & gas prices on  one of our largest customer sectors. Management has taken action  to maintain profitability in that area by reducing costs, and delivered a  very creditable increase in operating margin in our oil & gas activities  last year. The Board remains convinced that the right course is to  preserve the critical capability that underlies our leading market  position in the sector, and indeed to focus on positioning the business  to gain market share once the recovery is underway. We believe the  right balance has been struck in the interests of long-term value. Other underlying factors that influenced our results include a  global gaming market that remained buoyant, increased demand  from infrastructure customers, such as utilities, data centres and  transport hubs, and a sharp decline in new bus deliveries in the UK. Against that background, the Board is pleased with the performance  of the Company for 2016/17, which was in line with our expectations. We expect the trend of growing profitability of our business  operations to continue in the current financial year. In addition,  opportunities have been identified for innovative development  of our core product set, using emerging technology applications  being introduced in other fields to expand Synectics’ offerings  to its current markets. Consistent with our growth strategy,  the Board has authorised a significant increase 2. Using average exchange rates for the year ended 30 November 2016. 06 Synectics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executive’s statement Strategic review These results are pleasing in their own right, and  especially satisfying because they are the outcome  of the applied skills and enormous dedication of  our people, and of our continuing ability to meet  new challenges while remaining true to the  values which inspired our Company’s creation.”  Paul Webb  Chief Executive We are immensely proud of the Company’s heritage, and the  journey we have undertaken over the last 30 years. The Company’s origins lie in a piece of innovative research &  development work designed to tackle a major customer challenge  at that time: the need to find a more efficient way of controlling  and switching images in large CCTV systems. The problem was  solved, the original customer bought the solution, another client  quickly followed, and Synectics was born. In many ways, the Company has changed beyond all recognition  from that initial, experimental breakthrough, but in other, very  important respects, it has remained constant. Synectics’ first wave of success came primarily in the UK public  sector, as we supported the government’s implementation of  systems to increase the safety of public spaces throughout the  country. However, we increasingly discovered that there were  other sectors and other geographical markets where customers  were seeking the sophisticated and high-quality, but easy to use,  solutions which were becoming our stock in trade. Our strategy has always been to focus on a limited number of  specific industry verticals for which security, surveillance, and  control systems are absolutely critical, organisations where often  the stakes could not be higher. We build deep specialist knowledge  of each of these industries, and deploy our expert teams around  the world in the places where they are most needed and can  deliver the greatest value to those particular customers. Today, we serve leading organisations in the transport, oil & gas,  gaming, critical infrastructure, and retail sectors. We have major  regional centres in the US, Singapore, the UAE, and Germany,  as well as in our original homeland, the UK, and from these hubs  we serve customers in dozens of countries. We are designing  and deploying the security systems for the new Jakarta airport;  we provide the command and control solutions deployed