 Glossary 95 Advisors 97 2017 key highlights    We have renewed contracts totalling more than  £41 million and secured a further £89 million of  new volume with new and existing customers    We have seen significant revenue growth within  our MIB (+37%) and E-commerce (+ 111%)  sectors providing a healthy balance to our sector  portfolio    We have broadened and expanded our  capabilities through targeted acquisitions of  iForce, Speedy Freight and Logistic People   which are all performing to expectations      We have increased our warehouse capacity by  c. 17% across a number of new sites adding  much needed capacity and delivering value   for our shareholders    We have invested in technology solutions to  enhance operational efficiency, support business  growth and simplify back-office processes,  including state-of-the-art in-cab technology and  warehouse management systems      We continue to invest in recruiting and in   up-skilling our existing employees through   a broad range of courses delivered at our  Training Academy in Warrington and our new  second facility in the Midlands * Non GAAP Alternative Performance Measure (see note 4 on page 61 of the accounts for reconciliation to statutory IFRS measure). Financial Revenue £623.9m +9% Underlying EBIT * £48.5m +17% Profit before tax £9.9m -12% Net debt £109.5m -34% Adjusted EPS * 9.8p +24% Statutory EPS  1.2p  -63% Proposed total   dividend per share 5.8p We’ve delivered a  strong performance  with revenue  increasing by 9%   and underlying EBIT*  increasing by 17% 01 Eddie Stobart Logistics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financial statements Governance Strategic report Eddie Stobart sites Ports Typical fleet coverage Rail connected sites At a glance Our network and scale We operate c.2,300 vehicles, c.4,000 trailers and 26 distribution centres,  throughout the UK and Europe, providing our services   to a range of national and international customers c47 ,000+ Movements per week c5,700 Employees c6.4m Sq. feet of warehousing  c1,850 Containers delivered   per week 4 Rail connected   distribution sites 4 Operating from   UK ports 2 Training  Academies 02 Eddie Stobart Logistics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Speedy Freight branches iForce sites E-commerce end-to-end service solutions By Our acquisitions Our network and scale has grown. iForce has three distribution centres and  operations at six customer sites. Speedy Freight has 40 branches. Collectively  these sites significantly expand the scale of the Eddie Stobart network Financial statements Governance Strategic report Chairman’s statement Philip H Swatman Chairman “Eddie Stobart is much more  than a haulage business” Overview Having joined the Board as Chairman of   Eddie Stobart Logistics in April 2017, I’d like   to take this opportunity to welcome all our new  shareholders to the business. Notwithstanding  the changes in ownership in recent years,   the business has continued to maintain its  traditional high standards of customer service  and integrity, as well as develop new service  offerings and expand in new sectors.  People and Board In addition to my appointment, Christopher  Casey and Stephen Harley joined as   Non-executive Directors, bringing strong  financial and operational expertise to the  Board. Our Board is compact and the Directors have  an extensive range of skills. We are able to  remain tightly focused on the continued  development of our business, under the  outstanding leadership of our Chief Executive  Officer, Alex Laffey. We can also leverage  opportunities as and when they come,  responding quickly and efficiently. I have been particularly impressed by the  enthusiasm and dedication of all our staff,   who have been instrumental to ensuring we  deliver our service promise to customers.  It is really important to me that all our people  receive the right training to do their jobs  effectively. We will continue to invest by offering  training courses across a range of disciplines,  allowing employees at all levels to expand their  knowledge and skills.  Financial performance Eddie Stobart performed strongly in 2017,  Financial statements Governance Strategic report Chief Executive’s statement “We have made good progress in  implementing our strategy of becoming  a leading provider of end-to-end supply  chain solutions” Alex Laffey Chief Executive  Group results Our Group revenues have increased by 9.4%   to £623.9 million for the year to 30 November  2017 (2016: £570.2 million). Underlying EBIT*  has increased by 17.4% to £48.5 million   (2016: £41.3 million) whilst operating profit  decreased by 1% to £26.6m (2016: £26.8m). I am extremely pleased with the significant  progress we’ve made in our first year as an  AIM listed company in terms of delivering our  commitments and strategy in our targeted  sectors of Retail, Consumer, Manufacturing,  Industrial and Bulk and E-commerce. Effective implementation of our business  strategy has been key to our success and I am  proud of what we’ve delivered through the  platform of our unique network and consulting- led approach.  Eddie Stobart focuses on providing cost- effective innovative logistics solutions to our  customers across the supply chain. In my 30  years within the retail industry, I have become  acutely aware of the importance of building  and developing close working relationships  with customers. We invest in our customer relationships to  ensure we deliver high levels of customer  service and provide innovative solutions in   a rapidly developing market.  During the year, we have continued to grow  through new customer wins and renewal of  contracts with long-term existing customers   in the four key sectors in which we operate.  In April