 Company Information Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report Overview 03 Overview > Our Company at a Glance Chairman’s Statement However, we suffered a setback in the second half  of the year due to a combination of factors which  overall impacted our reported profits for the year;  first, as a result of customer disruption in the wake  of the June 2017 UK General Election, sign-off on  some contract wins, especially within health and  transport, was delayed; secondly, following an  internal review by our finance team in preparation for  the full year audit, we identified nine contracts where  we did not consider revenue should be recognised  in these results.  I am pleased to report that the year-end audit and  subsequent review of revenue recognition did not  show up any additional material problems around  accounting irregularities, nor did it increase the size  of the related adjustment materially.  Our finance team are to be congratulated for  their diligence and integrity in standing up for the  correct treatment and precise year end cut off. On  the downside, we have expended considerable  management time on resolving these issues. There have been more robust discussions and  technical analysis of revenue recognition accounting  policies, in particular around the complex area of  6PM software licence treatment. As a result, an  adjustment was made to management figures  relating to 6PM licence revenue. The Board Richard Kellett-Clarke, who had become a Non- Executive Director of Idox in November 2016 after a  successful tenure as our Chief Executive, stepped  back in as Interim Chief Executive in December  2017 following the regrettable illness of his original  successor Andrew Riley. Andrew remains on  extended sick leave. I am pleased to report that  Richard has been able to rapidly execute on a  plan to get the business back on track as soon as  possible and will help out for as long as necessary.  2017 proved to be a year of change and  contrasting performance for Idox; after a promising  start to the year, it is disappointing to report on a  mixed set of results for the year as a whole.  The early part of the year was focused on  completion of the acquisition of 6PM, a software  and solutions business whose main customer  is the UK NHS, which represented a significant  expansion in the health and social care market.   We made a further important acquisition in August,  of Halarose, an electoral back office software and  services business that has significantly enhanced  our elections’ capabilities.  “ Spanning both the public and private sectors,  Idox works across a range of industries and  sectors – from central and local government to  transport, health and social care and commercial  organisations, to deliver smart technology that Strategic Report >  Our Strategic Overview Chief Executive’s Review Richard Kellett-Clarke Chief Executive Officer The failure to achieve the year end numbers is  the result of a perfect storm of issues. Recent  complex acquisitions, exacerbated by earn outs,  and a time-consuming capital raise created a lot of  work in the first half of the year and did not result  in the customary tight integration and release of  value. This was aggravated by a general election  year, which served to push contract activity out  towards the end of the financial year, and revenue  recognition which was intended to ensure we hit  year end targets but proved too aggressive.  The focus since I stepped back into the CEO role,  has been on five core changes which are expected  to deliver benefits in the current financial year: • The full integration of the last four acquisitions to  deliver shareholder value. This will be completed  during H1 2018 with a new streamlined  organisational structure. • Target £7m of cost savings (10%) through   the identification of cost synergies and  technological overlaps in the business to aid  productivity and efficiency. Introduction of Group  policies and procedures to increase, security,  accountability, productivity and compliance.   This is well advanced with major changes  already implemented. • A review of Group pricing and revenue  recognition policy with external input from  independent accountants to ensure consistency  and clarity and improve cash conversion.  This will be completed during H1 2018 and  implemented by the end of 2018. It is expected  to have an initially negative impact on revenues  as a result of increased SaaS pricing although  this is expected to have a medium-term benefit. • Acceleration of our digital, mobile and web  technology strategy in partnership with our  customers, and a refocus of our development  resources to concentrate on core technologies  and reduce capital costs. • Improve processes to reduce administration   and improve cash collection. Overview It was quite unexpected to be back in this seat  some 15 months after stepping down, but I have  been pleased by the warmth of the reception  from the Idox team, who have knuckled down  in what has been a difficult few months. I am  particularly grateful to Jane Mackie, our CFO, and  her team who in difficult circumstances upheld the  Company’s standards of honesty and integrity. We  are obviously disappointed by the impact these  matters have had on the reputation of the business  and fully intend to restore it to full health. “The Board is confident that the Group is well  positioned for the current financial year, driven  by a combination of new contract momentum,  management and organisational changes.” 10 Idox plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 October 2017 We