 Overall Group NPS measure  2017: 45.2 (2015: 36.7) +3pts * Group Airline NPS measure   2017: 26.6 (2015: 23.8) +7 pts * Own-Brand Hotels and  Resorts NPS measure  2017: 38.7 (2015: 31.5)  CUSTOMER AT OUR HEART    MAKES US WHO WE ARE… * Increase from 2015. OVERVIEW our opportunity for growth THOMAS COOK GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 9 STRATEGIC REPORT  CHAIRMAN’S  ST A TEMENT  2017 has been a year of considerable strategic progress  at Thomas Cook. In what remains a highly competitive  environment – one that has contributed to the collapse  of a number of competitors in the last 12 months –  Management’s focus on executing its strategy for  profitable growth has delivered good results for the year,  and set the business on a clear path for sustainable  growth in the years to come.  After five years of hard work to reposition Thomas Cook,  there is a real sense of energy and momentum in the  business – and tangible evidence of execution.  Despite the competitive backdrop, the Group delivered  an £28 million increase in underlying operating profit  to £330 million, an eight per cent increase year-on-year,  and net profit of £12 million, the third consecutive year  of positive net profit after tax. We also took further steps  to strengthen the balance sheet. Debt was reduced  by another £89 million in the year, and the business  has signed new financing arrangements amounting  to £975 million. This builds on the work the Group has  done over the last five years to progressively improve  the terms and maturity of its debt to provide it with  greater flexibility and a more robust capital structure  over the medium term. The progress the business made operationally should  be seen alongside a number of very significant steps  the Group took in 2017 to better position the business  for the future. In September, the business secured what promises to  be a ground-breaking alliance with Expedia. Meanwhile,  a new strategic partnership with Swiss hotel property  development company, LMEY Investments, establishes the  launch pad to develop and grow Thomas Cook’s portfolio  of own-brand hotels, key to the successful delivery of the  Group’s profitable growth strategy. Reflecting the Board’s support for the progress that  has been made in the last year and its confidence in  the strategy, the Board has recommended that we pay  a dividend to Shareholders of 0.6 pence per share. Moving onto the business of the Board, we were  pleased to welcome two new Non-Executive Directors  in July, Jürgen Schreiber and Paul Edgecliffe-Johnson.  Jürgen brings a breadth of international experience  across retail and consumer goods including Chief  Executive roles in both a publicly-listed company and  large private companies. Paul, meanwhile, as CFO  of InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG), brings deep  experience of the global hotel industry to the Board. In January 2018, we will also welcome to offer customers a greater choice.” THOMAS COOK GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 10 STRATEGIC REPORT  CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S   REVIEW   “Our focus on the customer drives  every decision that we take in the  business, from the hotels that we  sell every season and the service  promises that we make, through to  the destinations we fly to. But it  also determines the big decisions  that we take about the business  we want to be in the future.” PETER FANKHAUSER CEO 2017 has been a good year for Thomas  Cook. The actions we took on strategy  in the last 12 months have transformed  the scale of the opportunity ahead  for the Group while at the same time  delivering strong growth in demand,  as more customers from across our  markets chose our modern package  and flight offer for their hard-earned  weeks in the sun. The very deliberate decision that we  made two years ago to put the customer  back at the heart of our business is now  bearing fruit. Strong customer demand  for our improved holiday offering helped  increase revenues by 9 per cent in the year.  This combined with an improved performance  in our German Airline, Condor, to deliver an  underlying operating profit of £330 million,  an 8 per cent increase year-on-year. That we  achieved this growth in a highly competitive  environment shows how much more resilient  we are as a business than even a few  years ago. Most importantly, we know that customers’  experience of their holidays with Thomas  Cook is getting better all the time. Our Net  Promoter Score – or NPS – which is the  primary indicator of customer satisfaction  and the metric we look at before anything  else, has increased by nine points over  the last two years. This reflects continued  growth in every one of our significant  markets in 2017. Our focus on the customer drives every  decision that we take in the business, from  the hotels that we sell every season and  the service promises that we make, through  to the destinations we fly to. But it also  determines the big decisions that we take  about the business we want to be in the  future. It is perhaps there that we have made  the most progress in the past 12 months. THOMAS COOK GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 11 STRATEGIC REPORT TRANSFORMING OUR  OPPORTUNITY FOR GROWTH The strategic alliance that we signed in  September with Expedia, outsourcing  our city and domestic hotels business  and using Expedia technology, will  transform the way