 (2) Before the impact of acquisitions, at constant currency, performance from 2015 financial year compared to 2019 financial year at normal levels of disruption 3 www.easyJet.com STRATEGIC REPORT Chairman’s letter and we invested in increased resilience which will deliver  long-term benefits to easyJet and its customers. We also  continue to ensure that we have a strong and flexible balance  sheet to underpin our plans for the future. RESULTS As a result of this strategy we have been able to deliver a  robust performance this year. Our passenger growth was  healthy, increasing by 9.7% to 80.2 million, and revenue  increased to £5,047 million, an increase of 8.1%. Headline profit  before tax was £408 million, despite the impact of £101 million  from adverse foreign exchange rates. Reported profit after   tax was £305 million. We have achieved a headline return on capital employed   of 11.9% as we start to take deliveries of our new fleet order,  including our first A320neo aircraft. We are confident in our ability to deliver sustainable returns   to shareholders and in our dividend policy. As a result we are  recommending a dividend of 40.9 pence per share based on  our payout policy of 50% of headline profit after tax. BOARD In July Carolyn McCall resigned to become CEO of ITV plc.  After joining in 2010, Carolyn built and led the management  team that transformed easyJet’s performance in every   respect. She put easyJet’s passengers and people at the   heart of the business, having first built a solid operational  performance. This has seen both the number and loyalty of  easyJet’s passengers grow as a result and has led to sustained  and continuing financial success, which has been shared with  shareholders with a more than trebling of easyJet’s share price  and the payment of £1.2 billion in dividends. On 10 November  2017 the Board announced the appointment of Johan  Lundgren as its new Chief Executive. Johan was previously  Group Deputy Chief Executive Officer of TUI Group. He will   be joining the Company on 1 December 2017, with Carolyn  stepping down on 30 November. This year we welcomed Moya Greene to the Board as a  Non-Executive Director. Moya brings significant transport and  logistics expertise as well as her experience as a FTSE 100  Chief Executive. At the same time François Rubichon decided  to step down after three years on the Board. Keith Hamill also  indicated that he would retire, but kindly agreed to remain   on the Board whilst we found a successor to Carolyn McCall.  François PASSENGERS 10 easyJet plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Chief Executive’s review easyJet delivered a robust performance in the 2017 financial  year. During the period the airline continued to make good  progress in its purposeful growth strategy, making disciplined  investments to maintain and grow its market-leading positions  in Europe’s primary, slot-constrained airports. easyJet’s   focused capacity growth of 8.5%, includes a number of  time-sensitive opportunities in slot-constrained airports such   as Amsterdam, which is now full. Over seven million more  passengers flew with easyJet this year, representing an  increase of 9.7%, at historically high load factors of 92.6%.  This reflects the strength of easyJet’s network and  customer proposition. The airline’s disciplined strategy will enable it to be a  structural winner within its chosen markets in the European  short-haul market.  Total revenue increased by 8.1% to £5,047 million   (2016: £4,669 million). Revenue per seat is broadly flat at £58.23 (down 4.5% at  constant currency (1) ), driven by: • The persisting low fuel price environment, resulting in high  levels of market capacity growth (7.4% growth in easyJet’s  markets). • An aggressive pricing environment which saw net ticket  revenue per seat fall by 7.8% at constant currency. • Ancillary revenue (2)  which grew by 17.8% to £986 million as  high load factors and consumer-focused initiatives helped  to offset ticket pricing pressures. • Within this, non-seat revenue increased by 9.3% to   £89 million, supported by strong inflight sales of easyJet’s  enhanced product offering. easyJet’s focus on rigorous cost control continues to deliver  excellent results and supported the investment in operational  resilience. Headline cost per seat increased by 2.4% to  £53.52 driven by an adverse headline foreign exchange impact  of £308 million (£3.56 per seat) and the costs of disruption,  which remains a major industry challenge. At constant  currency the headline cost per seat decreased by 4.4% as  easyJet continued to benefit from its hedged fuel position. The  overall cost performance is driven by: • Fuel cost reduction of 19.2% per seat at constant currency. • Lean initiatives in:   – airports and ground handling, leveraging easyJet’s scale  across the network;   – engineering and maintenance savings in the supplier  base; and  – reduced navigation charges.  • Up-gauging of fleet with the delivery of an additional 21  186-seat A320 and two A320neo aircraft and retrofitting of  49 existing 180-seat A320s to 186-seats. This helped to offset: • A continued increase in the combined impact on cost from  disruption of EU 261 claims and an increasingly congested  European aviation infrastructure.  CAROLYN MCCALL DBE Chief Executive Building momentum (1) Constant currency is calculated by comparing the 2017 financial year performance translated at the 2016 financial year effective exchange rate to  the 2016 financial year reported performance, excluding foreign exchange gains and losses on balance sheet revaluations (2) Ancillary revenue includes revenue from the provision of checked baggage, allocated seating and change fees, and also includes non-seat revenue  which arises from commissions earned from services sold on behalf of partners and inflight sales. 