 The forward-looking statements disclaimer can be found on page 263. CYBG PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2 Strategic report Group at a glance Our business is delivered  through our key brands … CYBG operates through the retail and commercial banks  Clydesdale Bank, established in 1838 in Glasgow,  Yorkshire Bank, founded in 1859 in Halifax, and through   the digital banking service B, created in 2016. … and distributed through   our omni-channel model Our omni-channel model is focused on delivering an   improved service across every channel where we serve   and support our customers. Our strong and growing digital offering, combined with the  branch network, contact centre and extensive broker channel,  provides an enviable position from which to grow our business. To achieve our objectives, we are streamlining our front and   back office, investing in our digital platform to accelerate   the adoption of mobile and online tools and increasing  in-branch automation. … underpinned by our three  strategic priorities … Drive sustainable customer growth by investing to broaden the franchise across our target  segments and core regions while enhancing the customer  experience. Improve efficiency by making our network, operations and organisation more  efficient and agile for staff and customers. Capital 3 CYBG PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017   2017 highlights Delivering sustainable  customer growth +7.5%  mortgage lending annual growth +5.9%  SME core lending annual growth Stable   net interest margin   (NIM) 2.27%    Improving efficiency 7.4%  reduction in underlying costs Positive  jaws First statutory profit   in over 5 years £182m  statutory profit Strongly capitalised 12.4%  Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio Improving returns 7.5%  underlying Return on Tangible Equity  (RoTE) Inaugural dividend  recommended   by the Board 1.0  pence per share Note: the key performance indicators (KPIs) used by management in monitoring the Group’s performance and reflected  throughout this section are determined on a combination of bases (including statutory, regulatory and alternative  performance measures), as detailed in the Glossary on page 253. CYBG PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4 CYBG PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 5 Strategic report Governance Financial results Risk report Financial statements Additional information Strategic report Chairman’s statement 2017 was another year of strong progress for  CYBG, with good momentum in the execution of  the three pillars of our strategic plan – sustainable  customer growth, efficiency and capital optimisation  – and with it the successful delivery of our financial  targets for 2017. The hard work of the Board, the  Executive Leadership Team and all of our colleagues  means I am pleased to be able to reiterate our  medium-term guidance with renewed confidence.  The Group’s successful delivery this year means  that I am pleased to announce that the Board is  recommending the payment of our inaugural dividend  of 1.0 pence per share. Since the Initial Public  Offering (IPO) we have talked about being a dividend  paying stock and this proposed dividend represents  a landmark event Underpinned by omni-channel delivery CYBG PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 7 Strategic report Governance Financial results Risk report Financial statements Additional information  Whether it is prototyping new  technologies, opening our first  consumer innovation lab, Studio B,  or collaborating with Fintech partners  with the development of our new  small business e-lending solution,  we are building a bank focused on  a differentiated customer experience  that will put customers more in  control of their money.  I am delighted to report that we have maintained  momentum in delivering our strategic priorities and  commitments and, as a result, we are delivering  significantly improved financial performance, have  recorded our first statutory profit in over five years  and are recommending an inaugural dividend to  shareholders.  As the only truly full-service challenger bank of  scale across both Retail and SME in the UK market,  we have delivered ahead of market growth in both  mortgages and SME lending and we remain on track  to deliver our commitment to provide up to £6bn  of lending to SMEs by the end of 2019.  Our results show improved underlying profit,  sustainable loan growth, a stable margin and  improved returns – all achieved in a highly  competitive market and a continuing low growth,  low interest rate environment. Our cost efficiency  programme is also ahead of plan, with underlying  operating costs coming in at £675m, down 7% year  Strategic report Governance Financial results Risk report Financial statements Additional information CYBG PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 50 Dear shareholder, I am pleased to present our Corporate governance report for  2017, our first full year since IPO.  Your Board firmly believes that strong and effective corporate  governance underpins our commitment to delivering a strong  customer centric banking proposition in the UK and to generating  sustainable returns for shareholders. The Board is focused on  ensuring corporate governance is embedded across our business  supporting better decision making and accountability.  This report sets out our approach to governance in practice, the  work of the Board in 2017 and includes reports from the Board’s  four principal committees.  Strategy The Board’s role is to focus on the creation of long-term  sustainable value for our shareholders. During the year the Board’s  focus was on supporting the Executive Leadership Team to deliver  the Group’s strategy. The Board spent considerable time in 2017  exploring the challenges arising from the evolving external  economic, political and regulatory environment to ensure the  continued effective execution and delivery of our strategic  priorities against this backdrop and