 Financial Statements 93   Shareholder Information 199 02 Chairman’s Statement  Maintaining a strong  portfolio of   businesses  1 Daily Mail and General Trust plc Annual Report 2017 Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information Strategic Report Maintaining a strong portfolio of businesses Chairman’s Statement I am pleased to present the Annual  Report for 2017, a year in which DMGT  demonstrated once again the benefits  of maintaining a strong portfolio of  businesses that have the potential to  deliver attractive long-term returns for  our shareholders. This has been a year  of transformation as we have made  significant changes across the Group. We  have established new strategic priorities  and we are better positioned to deliver  long-term shareholder value. That said,  this year’s financial performance has  been affected by challenging market  conditions and the continued volatility  in the wider media industry, however,  DMGT has benefited from the resilience  provided by its diversified portfolio.  Your Group has also continued to invest  to take advantage of the trends in both  B2B and consumer digital markets.  The strategic focus on operational execution  under Paul Zwillenberg, your CEO, resulted  in DMGT maintaining a double-digit adjusted  operating margin. We saw encouraging signs of growth from  investments in several initiatives designed  to deliver long-term organic returns, albeit  with reduced expectations 2 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information Strategic Report This has also given Euromoney the financial  flexibility to pursue its own strategy.  Refocusing and disposals within our  Consumer Media and B2B divisions have  enabled us to focus on the most attractive  growth opportunities. Going forward,  although we recognise the benefits of  spreading risk across a diversified portfolio,  there are clear advantages to operating in  fewer sectors, especially in terms of resource  allocation and our ability to expand our  market shares in the most attractive sectors.    Read more in CEO Review,   pages 10 to 13 The implementation of our Group strategy  is overseen by the Board of Directors, which  maintains the high standards of governance  our shareholders expect. The Governance  Report sets out the framework for operating  performance and shareholder value that  is central to the growth of DMGT.  I am pleased that Tim Collier joined as the  Group Chief Financial Officer during the year.  Tim’s prior experience working for portfolio  companies in B2B information, events and  media sectors with a significant US presence  is aligned with DMGT’s businesses and  overall Group focus. I am confident  he will help to lead DMGT to further success. I would like to thank our Non-Executive  Directors for their contribution over the past  year with the Group benefiting from their  skills and experience at both an individual  business and Board level. During the year  François Morin joined DMGT’s Board as a  Non-Executive Director. François brings an  international perspective relevant 4 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information Strategic Report DMGT is making significant steps to focus and simplify the portfolio.  From FY 2018 the portfolio will be managed by sector  B2B Insurance Risk RMS produces risk models and software applications, and provides analytical data services  used by the global risk and insurance industry to quantify and manage catastrophic risk.    Read more page 17 Property Information Our Property Information companies provide technology, data and workflow solutions  to clients involved in commercial and residential property markets as well as risk and  valuation services to the Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (CMBS) market.   Read more page 19 Education Technology (EdTech) Hobsons is the leading provider of student success solutions in the US through its  Naviance, Starfish and Intersect platforms.    Read more page 19 Energy Information Genscape provides data, workflow tools and predictive analytics to improve market  transparency and efficiency across several energy and power asset classes to better  manage volatility and increase supply chain efficiency.   Read more page 20 Events and Exhibitions dmg events is an international B2B exhibitions and conference organiser, focusing on  the energy, construction, interiors, hotel, hospitality and leisure sectors, operating  across several geographies.    Read more page 21 Consumer Consumer Media dmg media 42 Governance Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information Strategic Report Family shareholding Rothermere Continuation Limited (RCL)  is a holding company incorporated   in Bermuda. The main asset of RCL is its  holding of DMGT Ordinary Shares. RCL is  owned by a trust (Trust) which is held for   the benefit of Lord Rothermere and his  immediate family. Both RCL and the Trust  are administered in Jersey, in the Channel  Islands. The directors of RCL, of which   there are seven, included two directors   of DMGT during the reporting period:   Lord Rothermere and François Morin. RCL has controlled the Company for many  years. RCL maintains that the Company  should be managed in accordance with high  standards of corporate governance for the  benefit of all shareholders; this has been the  case throughout the period of RCL ’s control. RCL has again indicated to the Company that  its intentions for the Company’s governance  are long-term in nature and that it will  discuss with the Board of the Company   any material change in its intentions. In  particular, RCL has confirmed its intention  that the Company will: • Continue to observe the Listing Principles  in their current form; • Continue to maintain a securities dealing  code for certain of its employees; • Continue to voluntarily observe the UK  Corporate Governance Code on