 120  Notes to the consolidated  financial statements 175  Parent Company   financial statements 177  Parent Company   accounting policies 179  Notes to the Parent  Company financial  statements Shareholder information 182 Shareholder information 185  Notice of Annual   General Meeting Glossary 195 Glossary of terms Visit our website for   related information  www.compass-group.com Compass is the world’s leading  food service company Every day we provide food to millions of people  around the world. The rigorous execution of our  strategy continues to deliver shareholder value.   And given the structural growth potential in food  services globally, we remain positive about the  Company’s future. Our role As the industry leader, we have an important role   in society for the long term. We create opportunities  for our people to achieve their greatest potential   and enrich their lives. We promote healthy and  nutritious food offers for our clients and consumers.  Together with our supply chain partners, we set  global standards to ensure we consistently source  our food responsibly and sustainably. Based on published revenues, employees and meals served. 1 Compass Group PLC Annual Report 2017 UNDERLYING BASIC  EARNINGS PER SHARE 72.3p UNDERLYING Compass Group PLC Annual Report 2017 8 SECTORISATION Understanding our clients The global food services market is very large and disparate. That is why we  segment the market into various sectors and sub-sectors using our portfolio  of B2B brands. It enables us to be closer to our clients and consumers to  better understand their different needs. In this way, we can create innovative,  bespoke offers that meet their specific requirements and, in doing so, truly  differentiate ourselves. BUSINESS & INDUSTRY — 39% OF GROUP UNDERLYING REVENUE We provide a choice of quality, nutritious and well balanced food for employees during  their working day. In addition, where clients seek broader service offerings, we can  deliver a range of support services to the highest standard, and at the best value. OUR BRANDS HEALTHCARE & SENIORS — 23% OF GROUP UNDERLYING REVENUE We are specialists in helping hospitals in the public and private sectors on their journey  of managing efficiency and enhancing quality across a range of food and support  services. We have an increasing presence in the growing senior living market. EDUCATION — 18% OF GROUP UNDERLYING REVENUE From kindergarten to college, we provide fun, nutritious dining solutions that help  support academic achievement at the highest levels. We educate young people on how  to have a happy, safe and Compass Group PLC Annual Report 2017 12 GOVERNANCE AND THE BOARD Integrity and trust are more important than ever in today’s business  world. One of my key responsibilities as Chairman is to set the  tone for the company and ensure good governance (see pages   42 to 46). In this I have been extremely well supported by the  members of the Board. They bring balance and a wealth of skills  and experience to our organisation which complement the talents  of our executive team. I thank them all for their valuable contribution  as we continue to uphold the high standards expected of us, to  maintain oversight of the strategic, operational and compliance  risks across the Group and to define our path to success. APPOINTMENT OF NEW CHIEF EXECUTIVE In September, we announced a significant change in the Group’s  Board. Richard Cousins, who has been an outstanding Chief  Executive for the past 11 years, will step down from his role on   31 March 2018 and retire from the Group on 30 September 2018.   It has been a huge pleasure to work with Richard, and on behalf of  the Board I want to thank him for his extraordinary contribution to  the Group. Richard has transformed Compass into a sustainable,  industry-leading organisation that delivers excellent food services  to our customers, attracts and develops great people and generates  significant returns for Compass Group PLC Annual Report 2017 18 GROUP’S GEOGRAPHIC SPREAD We have a truly international business, with operations in around  50 countries. North America (58% of Group revenue) is likely to remain the  principal growth engine for the Group. We have a market leading  business, which delivers high levels of growth by combining the cost  advantage of our scale with a segmented client facing sector  approach. The outsourcing culture is vibrant and the addressable  market is significant. The fundamentals of our businesses in Europe (26% of Group  revenue) are good. Our investment in MAP 1 sales and retention has  returned the region to growth and with the creation of sub-regional  business units, we continue to see opportunities to deliver  efficiencies and make our operations more competitive. Rest of World (16% of Group revenue) offers excellent long term  growth potential. Our largest markets are Australia, Japan and Brazil,  whilst India and China have strong long term growth potential.  Lower commodity prices and a weak macroeconomic backdrop  have impacted our Offshore & Remote business and some of our  emerging markets, but trends are beginning to improve. We have  concluded a restructuring of our business to adapt to the changing  market environment and remain excited about the attractive long  term growth prospects of the region. COMPASS’ COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES SECTORISED APPROACH The global food services market is very large and disparate and we  find This Corporate Governance Report on pages 42 to 94  and the Other Statutory Disclosures on pages 95 to 100,  together with the Directors’ Responsibilities statement on  page 101 and the Strategic Report on pages 1 to 41 which  have been incorporated into this Report by reference,  make up the Directors’ Report.