 easyHotel at a glance Growing our pipeline I am delighted to report that easyHotel  has made great progress in implementing  its strategy for growth. Strong trading  across both the existing estate and the  Group’s newly opened hotels has delivered  increases not only in total systems sales  but like-for-like revenues as well. Strategy We continue to target carefully selected locations  to build our portfolio of owned and franchised  hotels, adopting a methodical approach to the  assessment of individual pipeline opportunities  and applying strict investment return criteria.  In addition, a number of initiatives have been  progressed during the year to optimise the value  of existing assets including investments to improve  our revenue management systems and processes  and our customers’ online booking experience. The equity capital and bank debt we raised  last year have enabled us to commit to a strong  pipeline of new sites. Following recent acquisitions  those funds are now substantially committed.  Further refinements to our hotel development  processes and design standards will deliver a  lower risk, higher performing model for new  projects. During the year, two new owned  hotels have been opened in Birmingham and  Manchester and both are trading strongly.  Since the year end, our new owned hotel in  Liverpool was opened on 1 November 2017  and further projects are in progress in Newcastle,  Barcelona, Leeds, Sheffield, Ipswich, Oxford and  Cardiff. This significant increase in our owned  estate, together with new franchised hotels  opened in Brussels, Amsterdam Arena and  Amsterdam Zaandam (and with others on  the way), is providing an ever more solid  foundation for our strengthening brand. The benefit of our “new look” room design is  evidenced by the above-budget performance  we are seeing from our newly launched hotels  Chairman’s statement Continued focus Summary • Strong trading across existing hotels • Continued outperformance  against our competitive set  • Excellent progress achieved  across all areas of the business • Five new hotels opened  and trading strongly • Positive customer reaction to  stylish new easyHotel format • Significantly accelerated pipeline  in place to deliver long-term  shareholder value Strategy  I am delighted to be leading this ambitious  business at such an exciting time in its history. 2016/17 was a significant year for easyHotel  with excellent progress achieved across all  areas of the business. Impressive like-for-like  sales growth was delivered, underpinned by the  smooth implementation of our new booking  engine and yield management system across  the entire easyHotel network. We opened five  new hotels during the year in our new stylish  brand format, all of which have traded strongly  from opening. The increase in sales and new  openings, together with our focus on reducing  costs, improving efficiencies and maximising  the returns from our investments, have produced  a significant growth in our underlying profits. Our pipeline of new hotels is accelerating.  The successful equity fundraise in October 2016  is enabling us to develop and open more owned  hotels and such investment in the brand and  estate should in turn encourage more franchisees  to join the brand.  With the experienced team we now have in place,  continued high levels of staff engagement and  improving customer satisfaction, we are in an  excellent position to expand the easyHotel brand  and deliver improving returns for our shareholders.  Trading review  Total system sales grew by 39.2% to £29.7m  with Company revenues increasing by 39.7%  to £8.4m. This was achieved through like-for-like  owned and franchised hotel sales growth of  9.8% as well as the opening of new owned  hotels in Birmingham and Manchester, and  franchised hotels in Brussels, Amsterdam Arena  and Chief Executive Officer’s review Together with leased hotel projects,  considered on a limited and specific basis  where the acquisition of a suitable freehold  site is not currently available or does not meet  our investment return targets, and our new  franchised hotels, which are delivering more  fees than initially anticipated, we expect to  deliver a 15% unlevered blended ROCE  at Group level. We have 921 owned rooms under development  and following the successful £38m (gross)  equity placing in October 2016, and the £12m  refinancing of an existing bank facility, the Group’s  asset-backed balance sheet remains strong but  with our current development pipeline we are  only able to finance one further owned hotel.  We continue to see a good number of attractive  potential development opportunities to further  accelerate the Group’s growth. Consequently, the  Board is considering its financing options, which  may include new equity and debt, to fund  these opportunities. Development of franchised hotels There are 1,798 franchised rooms currently  under development. The 101-room hotel in  Lisbon, the 100-room hotel in Bernkastel-Kues,  the 81-room hotel in Belfast, the 87-room hotel  in The Hague – Scheveningen, the 75-room  hotel in Maastricht and the 54-room hotel  in Reading will all open in 2018. We also  announced the development of hotels in  Bur Dubai (300 rooms), Istanbul (300 rooms),  Iran (500 rooms) and Sri Lanka (200 rooms)  beyond 2018. These hotel openings will enhance  our position as the super budget hotel brand of  scale, in the UK, Europe and the Middle East. Pipeline In addition to the 2,719 owned and franchised  rooms we currently have under development,  we have extended our pipeline during the year,  with over 2,300 owned and leased rooms under  negotiation, including c.1,000 owned and leased  rooms approved by the Board, as well as a further  c.1,300 franchised rooms under negotiation.  This