 Company information  116 Hollywood Bowl Group is the UK’s largest  ten-pin bowling operator. We inspire customers to become loyal fans  of our brands by providing a fun-filled, safe  and great value entertainment experience  that surprises and delights them on every visit. We build our teams with the most energetic  and engaging individuals who share our  values and are proud to be part of our culture.  In return, we provide them with a fun and  supportive environment with opportunities  to develop a rewarding career.  We run our business for the long term  and we drive value for our shareholders by  delivering our growth plans in an effective  and profitable way. cONTENTS Annual Report and Accounts 2017 1 Let the good  times roll 2 hollywood bowl group plc Ten-pin bowling is for everyone. It’s a  game where competition is healthy and  all get to celebrate. We are the UK’s market  leader and the game’s biggest fans. We always look for new ways to improve  our customers’ experience and have invested  in enhancing the bowling environment by  improving the seating and lanes and have  installed VIP lanes for customers who want  to make their experience that extra bit special.  Our proprietary scoring system promotes  healthy competition by allowing us to send  personalised and engaging post-bowling  communications hollywood bowl group plc 16 Strategic Report We have now completed seven of the Bowlplex  rebrands, with the final four planned for FY2018.  The success of the Bowlplex rebrands reinforces  what an excellent investment Bowlplex was.  Good corporate governance continues to  be a focus for the Board as we complete our  evolution from private equity to PLC ownership.  Following the Group’s IPO in FY2016, Epiris  sold its remaining interest (17.8 per cent) in the  business and we thank Bill Priestley and Ian  Wood for their continued support through the first  eight months of listing. Further details on this can  be found in our Corporate Governance report,  on page 50, which describes the work completed  during the year and outlines our areas of focus  and development for the year ahead.  The Board recruited an additional independent  NED, Ivan Schofield, and I was delighted to  welcome Ivan to our Board with effect from  1 October. Ivan brings a wealth of European  and UK knowledge from several multi-site leisure  businesses. He has completed a thorough  induction programme and is providing support  and new perspective, as well as giving challenge,  to an already high-performing Board.  A key component of our success is our executive  leadership team which has done an outstanding  job during FY2017. The four senior Directors –  Stephen Burns (CEO), Laurence Keen (CFO),  Mat Hart (Commercial Director) and Melanie  Dickinson (Talent Director), have led the company  with courage, conviction and a relentless desire  to hollywood bowl group plc 18 Strategic Report All of these initiatives, as well as the fantastic  teams we have in our centres, have contributed  to our spend per game growing from £8.63  to £8.70 in FY2017.  Refurbishment and rebrand  programme Ten full refurbishments were completed  in FY2017 including the rebranding of four  Bowlplex and two AMF centres (Tunbridge  Wells, Cwmbran, Portsmouth, Brighton, Tolworth  and Ashford). Over 60 per cent of the estate has  now been refurbished with each project benefiting  from those that have gone before, resulting in  exceptional industry leading environments. In  consequence, we continue to deliver impressive  returns from the capital deployed, with the ten  refurbishments on track to outperform their  targeted 33 per cent return on investment. New centre openings Our disciplined approach to centre roll out  has been key to delivering the high returns  and sustained performance we have seen from  our mature centres. One of our key success  criteria is being co-located with the top cinema  in town. Over 70% of our current estate fulfils this  criterion, and our recent openings have  continued on this path.  We opened three centres in FY2017, two  of which – Southampton and Derby – were  organic openings, while The London O2 was  an acquisition. Each property negotiation is  based on its own merits and we continue to  be a sought-after tenant for both leisure parks  and retail developments.  Hollywood Bowl Southampton opened as  part of a new Hammerson leisure hollywood bowl group plc 28 STRATEGY OVERVIEW PROGRESS KPIs PRIORITIES Driving like-for- like growth Driving LFL growth by attracting new  customers, increasing the frequency  of visits of existing customers and  raising the spend per game. In FY2017 , our LFL revenue grew by 3.5 per cent.  Games volumes were up 3.1 per cent with spend  per game up 0.5 per cent. Our approach is to  increase dwell time and gain a greater share  of customers’ leisure spend as well as drive  game volumes in our centres. LFL growth %  2017  2016  2015 3.5 6.5  9.0  Continued unrelenting focus on improving the customer  experience through planned investments in technology,  training our people, marketing and ensuring we have  the right products available. Refurbishment  programme Our refurbishment programme  generates improved sales and  profitability at existing centres  through investment in the bowling  experience (including the introduction  of VIP lanes), new external signage,  an upgraded bar offer and the  introduction of the new Hollywood  Diner concept. These upgrades  attract new customers, drive game  volumes, support higher prices and  encourage a higher spend per game. In FY2017 we refurbished/rebranded ten