 STRATEGIC REPORT 1 TO 43 GOVERNANCE  44  TO  87 FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  88  TO  139 OTHER  INFORMATION  140  TO  144 Chairman’s statement I am delighted that we have returned the   Group to like-for-like sales growth and are   performing ahead of the market. Bob Ivell  Chairman  BUILDING  MOMENTUM  THROUGH    STRATEGIC    FOCUS 10 | Mitchells & Butlers plc | Annual report and accounts 2017 Number of managed sites (at year end)  1,695 Average weekly sales per pub (£k) £23.7k Food sales as a % of total sales  51% This year we have achieved strong progress  against the strategic priorities that we identified  despite a challenging and uncertain environment.  Through this strategic focus we have increased  our market share, evidenced through our  like-for-like sales a  outperformance of the market  this year and have taken steps to position the  Group well for the year ahead.  I am delighted by the increasing momentum in our sales performance   during a period which has seen mixed results across the sector. The cost   headwinds facing the industry have impacted profits as we expected   and our adjusted earnings per share a  were down 1.4% as a result.   However, I am encouraged by the results across the business which   show success in the steps being taken to better position the Group   in the evolving market.   This year the Directors are recommending the payment of a final dividend   of 5.0p per share making a total of 7 .5p for the year. Given the uncertain   macro environment it is our intention going forward to determine a full   year dividend paid only in the form of a final dividend dependent on   several  factors  including  both  current  performance  and  future  prospects. On behalf of the Board I would like to thank our 46,000 people across   the business, without whom the progress made over the course of the   year would not be possible. Now, more than ever, our people are   demonstrating the ability to adapt to the ever-changing environment   we operate in, all the while continuing to delight guests and offer   great  experiences.  We take our responsibilities to pensioners seriously. In July we reached   an agreement on the 2016 triennial pensions valuation with the scheme   trustees. This resulted in an unchanged level of cash contributions   through to 2023 to eliminate the scheme deficit with a potential additional   payment of £13m to be made into escrow in 2024 should further funds   be required then. I am delighted that we reached a positive agreement   for both the Group and the trustees. There have been no changes to the Board during the year. I STRATEGIC REPORT 1 TO 43 GOVERNANCE  44  TO  87 FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  88  TO  139 OTHER  INFORMATION  140  TO  144 Chief Executive’s business review  WELL PLACED   TO DELIVER  CONTINUED  OUTPERFORMANCE  This year has been a period of   strong operational achievement for   Mitchells & Butlers with a sustained   return to like-for-like sales growth.   Phil Urban  Chief Executive 14 | Mitchells & Butlers plc | Annual report and accounts 2017 It is now two years since I became CEO of  Mitchells & Butlers, and I feel that we have  covered a lot of ground. When new to the role,  we were feeling the pain from all the new supply  that had opened on our doorsteps over the  previous 18 months.  Our sales were declining, we were tracking c.3% behind our competitors   as measured by the Peach Tracker, and with unprecedented cost   headwinds on the horizon, we knew we had to do something different.   We laid out our three strategic priorities that we felt we needed to   address, that we continue to work towards today, namely rebalancing   our portfolio; driving a commercial edge to the way we do business;   and also instilling an innovation ethos across all that we do.   In February 2016, we launched a programme of work designed to meet   these priorities, which I believe is now bearing real fruit. Unashamedly,   our first objective was to restore the business to sales growth, as without   that, it was difficult to see how we could move forward.   It is this programme of work that has driven the sales recovery, with the   capital investment programme, our sales training and ethos, and our   investment in and adoption of reputation.com as our tool to listen to our   guests, coupled with better informed pricing decisions, being the   driving forces. We cannot and will not let up on the drive to grow sales. However, we   think we have identified the right levers that will continue to strengthen   our position. Despite this progress, we still saw our profit decline last year   and so attention more latterly has been focused on the opportunities we   have to drive efficiency. To that end, we have numerous initiatives that   we have been working on, that we believe will start to change the   gearing of our business. The strategic report that follows updates you on our progress against   the three strategic priorities in the year; outlines our current view of the   market in which we operate; details our financial performance in the   period; and updates you on our priorities for 2018.   Overall, I believe that the progress we