 - 3 -  WHAT WE DO    LightwaveRF plc ("LightwaveRF" or the "Company") pioneered smart home automation with the introduction of the  market's first Internet enabled devices in 2008. Today the Company markets a complete smart home system for  lighting, heating and power.     LightwaveRF offers a cloud platform and an extensive range of retrofitted LightwaveRF designed and manufactured  sockets, dimmers, relays, thermostats, heating, energy, sensing, monitoring and control devices. These devices are  operated by conventional manual control, handheld remote, smartphone and tablet based apps. The LightwaveRF  system can also be operated using Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa voice control, is Apple HomeKit compatible  and provides users with dashboards to manage their smart home.     LightwaveRF is dedicated to making everyone's lives easier and more fulfilled through world leading smart home  technology.    FINANCIALS   • Revenue of £3.03 million (2016: £1.44 million);  • Gross profit £1.08 million (2016: £0.47 million);  • Gross margin 35.5% (2016: 32.5%);  • Loss before and after taxation £0.85 million (2016: £0.84 million);  • Investment in research and development £0.88 million (2016 £0.61 million);  • £2.22 million of funds raised during the financial year (2016: £0.21 million);  • Post year end fundraising of £4.9 million net of expenses, strengthening the pro forma unaudited net assets to  £6.13 million;  • Order book as at 30 November 2017 of approximately £700,000 at current exchange rates    HIGHLIGHTS  Technology and Products  • Completed development of Lightwave Generation 2 technology which is also Apple HomeKit certified; first  devices now launched;  • Significant enhancements to cloud capabilities and integration with Google Assistant voice control for the Google  Home device and for Amazon Alexa.    Marketing  • Rebranded to “Lightwave”;  • - 4 - I am pleased to be able to report on considerable progress made by your company during the last year.  Overview  During 2017, revenue more than doubled. We further extended and developed our UK distribution capability,  expanded our direct to market sales and successfully established a technology and distribution relationship with  Apple. Post year end we also completed our largest fundraising to date, which saw us add two major institutional  investors to the shareholder list.   We have built on the progress of the previous year with more market awareness, distribution led sales and through  ensuring Lightwave products and technology continue to develop. In addition, we have developed our direct sales  capability, supported by a dedicated customer services function. The smart home market is now becoming more  clearly defined, which is helping Lightwave better communicate its proposition and capability.   Offering access to the Lightwave platform either directly or through Amazon, Apple and Google as well as the growth  of voice control, opens up many opportunities for the business. The broad challenge as ever will be to ensure we  prioritise our strategic goals so that we bridge the gap between short term achievements and the long-term ambition  to build a scaled business in the smart home sector.   We are continuing to strengthen our management and technology capability. As well as welcoming new chief  executive, Andrew Pearson, to the board in March, we have broadened our teams’ skill sets with the addition of new  staff. This is all directed to putting solid building blocks in place for the much larger business we aim to create. I would  like to take the opportunity to thank our staff, our suppliers and subcontractors for the effort they have applied during  the year to achieve a further step change for the business.   Financials  Revenue for the 2017 financial year was £3.03 million, more than double last year (2016: £1.44 million). Gross margins  further improved to - 6 -  Introduction  2017 has seen strong progress for Lightwave, with advances in, technology, products, marketing, sales and  distribution.    Technology and Products    We design and develop hardware devices and software. Our range of almost 100 smart home devices now includes  the recently launched Generation 2 which is also a part of the Apple HomeKit offering. Manufacturing is outsourced  to Asia and mainland Europe. Platform hosting is with cloud based operators. We have continued to grow our  technology team and intend to bring in more talent as we invest in the further product development necessary to  scale the Company.    As well as completing the development of the Generation 2 technology, launched just a few weeks ago, we also  completed significant enhancements to our cloud-based platform. This included integration with Google Assistant  voice control for the Google Home device. Consumer uptake of our Amazon Alexa integration has continued with over  8,000 Lightwave customers now using our Amazon Alexa “Skill” for voice control.    We have filed a series of patent applications to provide protection to our technology and plan further filings of new  developments.    Marketing   Our marketing uses consumer oriented messages such as “Your Home. Smarter”. We recently launched a new website  under the brand “Lightwave”. In addition to product description and guides, the website now offers full online  ordering. We are now using various digital marketing techniques to generate direct sales demand, build market  awareness and develop the Lightwave brand. This is supported by media relations programmes to secure coverage in  both specialist and generalist outlets.      Sales and Distribution  We sell both our Generation 1 and 2 devices primarily through distribution partners. We have recently added Exertis  as a distributor to enable us to supply Apple, who are retailing our Generation 2 devices both online and in