 Fair, St Neots. 10 Urban&Civic plc — Annual Report and Accounts 2017 — CHAIRMAN’ S S T A TEMENT I am very pleased to be able to report continued  advancement across the course of the financial  year and beyond. The Group has made significant  additional strides since September with the sale  of almost half of our remaining commercial and  leisure assets and the redeployment of some of the  proceeds into the important purchase of Priors Hall  in Northamptonshire. The project is one that our  management team has been tracking for several  years and which we worked hard to buy. Urban&Civic was established for the very purpose  of challenging the standard approaches to large‑scale  housing delivery. We are determined that strategic  sites can make an increased contribution in our  chosen markets within 100 miles of London and  the largest provincial cities. Our Master Developer  model places a premium on quality and accelerated  delivery and has gained real traction with our  housebuilder customers. The model involves faster  planning through taking project responsibility,  then working with expansionist housebuilders  to shorten the period between consent being  granted and first construction. The licence structure  encourages build‑ out by those housebuilders, whilst  contracted minimum annual payments underpin  the Group’s future cash flows. The arrangements  are capital‑ light to our customers and, at the same  time, provide Urban&Civic with a good future  security of income. Priors Hall is part constructed and slots at the  front of a chronology of what are now six strategic  projects. The purchase will enable us to preserve  balance by taking on some new major propositions  that are not yet adopted in Local Plans. The much publicised Oxford to Cambridge rail line  is being designed to encourage incremental  housing as well as to re‑ establish transport links  across the middle of the country. Those clear  objectives play to the strengths of our management  in combining placemaking with transport. Shareholders should not take the recent realisations  as a sign that we are giving up on commercial  development. Instead the intention is that  anything of scale will be forward funded in future.  The stamp duty increase to five per cent announced  in the March 2016 Budget has gone a large way to  negating any yield advantage on the sale of investment  properties. Certainly that is the case in the area in  which we are most competitive, large town/small  city retail and leisure schemes, promoted by the  relevant local authority, which is often also the  existing landowner. Institutional pre‑ funding is also consistent with  the Board’s stated policy of a high level of financial  prudence. Gearing is moving up a little as strategic  spend increases but substantively all of the Group’s  project facilities are from and accelerated delivery. 11 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 — Urban&Civic plc   12 Urban&Civic plc — Annual Report and Accounts 2017 — CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT IN SUMMARY • Outcomes reflect stated intentions  and unique Master Developer  licence model. • EPRA NAV up 7.1 per cent to  304.4p per share. • Large site discount starting to  reverse as forecast. Alconbury and  Rugby pro-rata discount estimated  at £99 million, based on CBRE  150-unit parcels. Equivalent to  68p per share against 71p per  share at March 2017. • Practical advantages of Master  Developer facilitating large-scale  residential build strengthened by  our five-year licences that are capital  efficient to housebuilders but which  require minimum annual payments  that transparently underwrite annual  forward receipts to Urban&Civic.  • Post balance sheet events reinforce  clarity: switch from Stansted Hotel  into Priors Hall. Meanwhile, political  mathematics direct increasingly  towards large sites, witness housing  reset in the Autumn Budget. • Increased final dividend of  2p per share, recognising  progress and positive outlook.  Full year 3.2p per share: up  10.3 per cent.  NIGEL HUGILL — CHIEF EXE CUTIVE No silver bullet but  significant positives. Introduction Good results. Significant positives to our enlarging business  base underlined by further advantageous post balance sheet  transactions and public pronouncements. EPRA net assets  per share were up 7 .1 per cent to 304.4p as at 30 September 2017 .  EPRA net assets reached £439.3 million, as compared with  £409.8 million at 30 September 2016. Unlike last year , the growth  was divided pretty equally across the two periods. Reported  pre‑ tax profits of £7.9 million, whilst down on £25.9 million in  the 12 months to 30 September 2016, also showed a maturing  profile. Residential property sales contributed £5.7 million to  profits and will rise from here. Post balance sheet sales of the  bulk of the remaining commercial assets aggregating £70 million  will lift pre‑ tax profits above trend in the first half of the  current year. The core reason for establishing Urban&Civic was to provide  new housing choices and accelerate supply through Master  Development. In accordance with our strategy, that involves  creating environments in which people actively want to live  and a delivery structure that encourages speed and quality  from those housebuilders looking to expand output. Our results  demonstrate the extent to which the Master Developer  model can be seen to be working financially as well as  philosophically. The recent commercial asset realisations  reflect the determination of the Board to position the balance  sheet in the direction that the Company holds clear competitive  advantage. A proportion of sales proceeds was redeployed  almost immediately in the acquisition of Priors Hall in  Northamptonshire at a cost of £40.5 million. Buying from 