 pages 02 – 39  Governance pages 40 – 49 Financial statements pages 50 – 91 Company information  page 92 Watkin Jones plc  //  Annual report and financial statements 2017 01 OUR HIGHLIGHTS • Revenue and gross profit growth  were strong and in line with our  expectations, driven by student  accommodation developments • Further increase in the gross  margin, reflecting the strong  locations of our student  accommodation developments  and a full-year contribution from  Fresh Student Living, which was  acquired in FY16 • Final dividend of 4.4 pence per  share to give a total dividend of  6.6 pence, up 10.0% in line with  our progressive dividend policy  (FY16 total dividend was  4.0 pence for the period after our  IPO, equivalent to 6.0 pence on  a full-year basis) • Continued robust cash  performance, with a net cash  inflow from operating activities of  £19.2 million (FY16: £15.1 million  after exceptional IPO costs), with  a further £22.8 million of cash  received in October 2017 , relating  to forward sales agreed before  the year end • Net cash of £41.0 million  at 30 September 2017  (30 September 2016:  £32.2 million) FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 1. For FY17, there is no difference between EBITDA  and adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA comprises  operating profit from continuing operations plus  the Group’s profit from joint ventures, adding  back charges for depreciation and amortisation.  For FY16, 06 Strategic report Watkin Jones plc  //  Annual report and financial statements 2017 Watkin Jones has significant strengths, which  combine to make us a compelling business. INVESTMENT CASE ESTABLISHED BRAND AND REPUTATION  We are one of the leading developers of PBSA in the UK, having delivered more  than 34,500 beds since 1999. We have a 100% record of delivering PBSA  developments ahead of the academic year, giving us a strong reputation and  contributing to our excellent relationships with leading institutions. These include  AIG, Arlington, Brookfield, CBRE Global (Curlew Student Trust), Europa Capital,  GSA, Lasalle, Legal & General, M&G, UBS and UPP . BUSINESS MODEL REDUCES RISK  Watkin Jones plc is one of the few companies in PBSA and build to rent offering  a complete solution to investors, from identifying the site through to managing  the finished building. We believe that we are the only full-service provider to sell  all our developments, meaning we do not compete with our own investment  clients. The forward sale model minimises our development risk. HIGH VISIBILITY AND STRONG FINANCIAL PROFILE  We have significant visibility of our earnings and cash flow from forward-sold  schemes and our development pipeline. As developers and constructors, we  capture both development and construction margin. Where Fresh Property  Group is appointed as property manager, we earn ongoing revenue and 08 Strategic report I believe that the Group’s financial and operational   performance and its strategic progress all demonstrate   that Watkin Jones is a business that delivers on its promises. Board, management and people There were no changes to Board  membership during the year. The Directors  continue to work well together, and towards  the end of 2017 we began our first formal  appraisal of the Board’s performance to  identify areas for further development. The Group’s success this year reflects  the strong leadership of the Executive  Directors, Mark Watkin Jones and Phil  Byrom, and their colleagues.  Mark, Phil and the team have continued to  successfully manage the pipeline, control  costs, ensure delivery and implement our  strategy for growth. I want to thank them  and everyone in Watkin Jones for their  significant contribution. The Group has an experienced and stable  senior team and we spent time this year  assessing their capabilities, investing in  development and considering succession  planning. We are also proposing to introduce  a long-term incentive plan during FY18,  to help us retain our senior people and  reward performance. More information on  the plan can be found in the Remuneration  Committee report on pages 47 and 48. It is with regret that Mark Watkin Jones  has notified the Board of his intention to  stand down as the Group’s Chief  Executive Officer once a suitable  successor 12 Strategic report Watkin Jones plc  //  Annual report and financial statements 2017 The operational Board was unchanged  during the year, and we have looked to  invest in and empower them, as well as  the management teams below them and  throughout the Group. This included  helping our people to understand how  they contribute to the business and to  show them the opportunities available  within the Group, which we believe make  us an employer of choice. As part of this,  we have begun succession planning for  management at Board level and below.  Our other activities in the year  encompassed enhancing performance  management and improving  communication, to drive engagement  and collaboration across our divisions. Sustainability With a history dating back more than two  centuries, it is natural for us to think for the  long term. We therefore aim to ensure we  are economically, socially and  environmentally sustainable. The way  we work is governed by a set of robust  policies and we look to understand and  manage the needs of our stakeholders,  which include our people, clients, supply  chain and shareholders, as well as wider  society in the form of our communities  and both the local and global environment. More information about our approach  to sustainability can be found on  pages 28 to 31. Curlew Student Trust   portfolio sale We have