 Group at a glance  Ext raordinary    c a re  Children Services Social care services for children and young people up to the age of 18 Contribution to  Group revenue: 5.2% (2016: 5.8%) Care capacity 2017: 301 (2016: 301) Split by: –  Residential care  of children and  young people –  Family assessments  in the home Foster Care Foster Care is undoubtedly the best care solution  for most “looked after” children. Most children  thrive in foster care where they are supported  within an ordinary family home and with trained  foster carers. CareTech provides for both  mainstream and specialist foster care through  local agencies across the UK. Unusually we  offer a highly respected service for physically  and intellectually disabled children as well as  support for children with sensory impairments.  We provide foster care family assessments and  ongoing support to children who remain with  their birth families and in their family home. Contribution to  Group revenue: 26.4% (2016: 26.2%) Care capacity 2017: 284 (2016: 235) Split by: –  Residential care  of children and  young people –  Education services  for children and  young people Young People Residential Services For a relatively small number of children, residential  care offers a safe and helpful solution for their care  needs and CareTech has developed an extensive  range of highly technical care and education  environments where those children will thrive. Our residential provision offers high staff ratios  and highly skilled carers, capable of ensuring both  safety and progression. These are high cost services  where we aim for an intensive period of care and  a strict timetable that delivers results at a fair price  to commissioners. As far as practicable we aim  to help these children through our therapeutic  care move into a more normalised family style  environment as soon as it is wise to do so. These services are highly intensive operations 10 CareTech Holdings PLC – Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chairman’s Statement A successful 2017    creating a platform    for further expansion In addition, the Group has purchased a  number of properties including Beacon Reach,  a Children’s Residential and Education facility  near Preston for £4m, which is a substantial  Education and Residential facility for ROC NW  who recently won the Laing and Buisson  Award in Social Care for Children’s Services. The Group continue to look at a number  of other acquisition opportunities and are  confident that the remainder of the share  placement proceeds will be deployed in  a timely manner on earnings enhancing  businesses or projects. During 2017, we again closed several services  for reconfiguration which impacted the  growth in revenue. Offsetting this, there are  better fees following reconfiguration plus the  impact of cost saving initiatives and the time  and attendance system has further improved  underlying EBITDA. The Group’s organic  development programme will continue with  further reconfigurations and, for 2018 we  have a strong pipeline of development  opportunities with two property purchases  registered soon after the year end. On 28 March 2017, 344,305 new ordinary  shares were issued as part of the arrangements  for full and final settlement of the earn-out  agreed with the vendors of ROC North West  which was acquired in 2015. 20 CareTech Holdings PLC – Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executive’s Statement and Performance Review A strong basis    f o r ad v a n c e me n t  Quality and dignity  – CareTech has always delivered high  quality care in well maintained premises.  However, we have never been complacent  about this and have undertaken reviews  to ensure that we deliver the right quality  at a reasonable price. We have also learned  a great deal from the experience of our  NHS colleagues and developed a Dignity  Test to ensure that our front line and  administrative staff treat all our clients  in ways that promote dignity. Progress in the year The year has seen continued progress as  the Group concentrates on the introduction  of innovative new services developed in  partnership with local authority  commissioners reconfigured from within  our existing portfolio of properties or through  new properties either purchased or rented  for service users for supported living. In June 2017 the Group acquired Selborne  Care Limited for a total consideration of  £16.6m in cash. Selborne is a high quality  provider of specialist residential care,  supported living and day care services for  adults with learning disabilities and challenging  behaviours. It had at acquisition 57 residential  beds and 30 Supported Living Service users. Excluding Selborne Care our Adult Services  have added a net 81 beds in the year, being  75 in Supported Living and six in Residential. Children Services have added 49 beds in the  year principally in eight services.  The Group also continues to realise the benefit  of organisational improvements put in place  over the past few years. We have continued  to strengthen our management structure  with further senior appointments planned  and to improve the efficiency of our processes  following further investment in new systems  which have gone live or we are working  on now. We are seeing the benefits of new  executive appointments which continue to  have a positive impact across the services. New systems were procured during the  year for the Group’s recruitment and training  solutions including e-learning with standard  automated reports as well as for maintenance,  hosting, data analytics and e-compliance in  order to benefit from cutting edge