 Group at a Glance   Di s c l a i m e r This Annual report has been prepared for, and only for, the members of the Company, as a body, and no  other persons. The Company, its directors, employees, agents or advisers do not accept or assume  responsibility to any other person to whom this document is shown or into whose hands it may come  and any such responsibility or liability is expressly disclaimed. By their nature, the statements  concerning the risks and uncertainties facing the Group in this Annual report involve uncertainty since  future events and circumstances can cause results and developments to differ materially from those  anticipated. The forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and information available at the date  of preparation of this Annual report and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these  forward-looking statements. Nothing in this Annual report should be construed as a profit forecast. LIF T  HERE   FOR  MORE r Principal  risks P20   Read more Identify Mitigate Monitor Assess P2   Read more WH Smith PLC Annual report and accounts 2017 1848 WHSmith opens its first  bookstall at Euston  Station on 1 November.  Other station bookstalls  followed, taking advantage  of ‘railway mania’ in  England. These bookstalls  become outlets for  cheap editions of other  publications which were  produced for railway  travellers, the popular  ‘yellowbacks’. 1846 The enterprise changes its  name to WHSmith & Son  when William Henry’s son,  William Henry also, was  taken into partnership   on his 21st birthday. 1854 WHSmith & Son,   now recognised as the  principal newspaper  distributor in Chairman’s statement “This performance would not  be possible without the ongoing  commitment and hard work  of our employees across our  stores, distribution centres  and head offices.”     Henry Staunton  Chairman It is with great pleasure in this, our 225th  anniversary year , that I report another year of  strong performance to 31 August 2017. We have  seen a good sales performance across our Travel  businesses both in the UK and internationally ,  driven by our key initiatives and growth in passenger  numbers, some strong performances from recently  opened stores in international locations; and a High  Street performance equal to the particularly strong  result from last year .  The distinct strategies of our Travel and High Street  businesses continue to be successful in driving  profit and creating shareholder value. The Group has  grown its profit again with Group profit before tax  increasing by seven per cent to £140m.  The Group remains highly cash generative delivering  a free cash flow¹ of £105m.  We remain focused on profitable growth, cash  generation and creating value for shareholders,  while investing for future growth. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate governance remains an important area of focus for  the Board and underpins the sustainability of our business and  the achievement of our strategy. A more detailed explanation  of our approach to corporate governance can be found in our  Corporate governance report on pages 30 to 56. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY During the year , we have continued our focus on managing those  social and environmental issues which are most material to our  business and to our stakeholders. Our workstreams cover a  wide range of issues from ethical trade and sustainable forestry  to mental health awareness and diversity. In this, our 225th  anniversary year , we wanted to make a lasting difference to  charities which our employees care about. Our teams across the  business have been undertaking a number of activities as Chief Executive’s review Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Other information 09 Travel delivered a strong revenue performance across all  channels, with trading profit 1  increasing by ten per cent to £96m,  including £9m (2016: £7m) from our growing International  business. Travel now represents over 60 per cent of Group profit  from trading operations. We continue to invest in the business  and we opened 15 new units in the UK during the year , taking us  to a total of 582 units in the UK.  During the year we won a further 41 units in our International  business, including a significant win in Changi Airport in  Singapore in the first half of the year , and our first stores in Italy  in the second half, making a total of 273 international units won,  of which 233 are open.  High Street delivered another good performance matching  a particularly strong profit performance from last year .  As expected, trading profit 1  was £62m. We saw a good gross  margin performance and costs were tightly controlled.  Cost savings of £12m were delivered in the year . An additional  £9m of cost savings have been identified over the next three  years making a total of £18m, of which £9m are planned for  2017/18. Diluted earnings per share increased by ten per cent to 103.6p  (2016: 93.9p). This reflects the increase in profit and a lower  basic weighted average number of shares in issue following the  share buyback. The Group remains highly cash generative and has a  strong balance sheet. Net funds were £4m at 31 August  2017 (2016: £7m), with a Group free cash flow 3  of £105m  (2016: £108m). The Group has a committed revolving credit  working capital facility of £140m through to December 2021.  We completed £41m of the share buyback announced on  13 October 2016 and on 12 October 2017 we announced a further  return of cash to shareholders of up to