 4 Highlights  ● Revenue: £110 m    (FY 16: £79.0 m, +39.1 %)  ● Underlying EBITDA*: £11.5 m    (FY 16: £8.2 m, +39.9 %)  ● Underlying EBITDA Margin*: 10.5 %    (FY 16: 10.4 %, +10 bps)  ● Underlying Profit Before Tax*: £10.7 m   (FY 16: £7.5 m, +42.0 %)  ● Profit Before Tax: £7.4 m   (FY 16: £6.3 m, +18.7 %)  ● Net Debt: £6.0 m (FY 16: £10.0 m)  ● Net Debt/Underlying EBITDA Ratio*: 0.5 x  ● Underlying Earnings Per Share*: 10.9 p  ● Full year Dividend Per Share: 5.115 p *Items marked with an asterisk are non-GAAP measures.  Definitions and relevant reconciliations are provided in the  'Glossary' section. Underlying measures are calculated after adding back  exceptional items and share based payment charges as referred  to in note 7 to the Financial Statements. REVENUE  £110 m +39.1 % UNDERLYING PROFIT  BEFORE TAX* £10.7 m +42.0 % NET DEBT/UNDERLYING  EBITDA RATIO* 0.5 x Constellation 18 " Suitcase  Cabin Approved Maximum Capacity Case 5 Strategic Report UP Global Sourcing Holdings plc  Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information Salter NutriPro 1200 W The Veggie Award Winner 2016 Financial Highlights 4 Strategic Report Chairman’s Introduction 6  Chief Executive’s Review 8  Business Model & Strategy 11  Financial Review 14  Principal Risks & Uncertainties 19  Viability Statement 24  Corporate Social Responsibility 25  Strategic Report  Chairman's Introduction ULTIMATE  PRODUCTS A Year of Substantial Progress I am very pleased to introduce the first annual  report for the Group as a listed business. The  year has been one of substantial progress and  significant change, with a number of exciting  developments taking place across the business,  some of which are mentioned in the Chief  Executive’s Review. Performance & Strategy The Group delivered a strong financial  performance during the year. This was achieved  despite a backdrop of continuing economic  turbulence. The business, along with many  others, faced a number of challenges including  significant cost inflation, the devaluation of  Sterling against major currencies and the  well documented uncertainty around Brexit  negotiations following the General Election.  Ultimate Products' performance is attributable  to a number of factors:  a superb range of  great value core products, new and innovative  products, an excellent supply chain, a strong  and extensive customer base of leading  retailers and, not least, the committed and  talented colleagues that we employ who  deliver our company values every day. We  believe that we 8 We have made solid operational progress across  the business. The Group has continued to develop  and expand the relationships with its core customer  base of UK and European discounters.  Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information UP Global Sourcing Holdings plc  grew in the year by 63.6 % to £4.6 m and,  while still a relatively small proportion of overall  revenue at the moment, it is increasing in  importance. Online is an exciting and fast  growing part of the business and we are  optimistic about its future prospects. We are seeing some cost pressures coming  through from China, where the bulk of our  product is sourced. This has been caused by  the strengthening of the Chinese currency and  local regulatory changes.  However, we are  confident in our ability to effectively manage this  because of our experience over many years  in that territory and our strong local presence  through our office in Guangzhou. Finally, the refurbishment of Ultimate Products'  new 240,000 sq ft warehouse at Heron Mill  in Oldham has been completed to plan and  is now the Group's main distribution facility.  The Board anticipates that this will create  improved operational efficiencies and significant  additional capacity to manage the future growth  of the business. Board Appointments The Group's Board has been substantially  strengthened through the appointments  of James McCarthy as Chairman, Alan Rigby as  Senior Independent Non-Executive Director and  Robbie Bell as Non-Executive Director. James McCarthy has over 40 years' experience  in the fast-moving retail industry, having  previously held the position of Chief Executive  Officer of Poundland. He stepped down in  September 2016 after a decade-long tenure  during which the company's sales grew from  £300 m to £1.3 bn per annum, whilst the number  of stores increased from 150 to over 900. Prior  to joining Poundland, James was Managing  Director of Convenience at J Sainsbury plc and  was a member of the company's operating, retail  and investment boards. 9 BUILDING FOR  A STRONGER  FUTURE "Over the last five years, we have been building a  market-leading position in branded, value-focused  and mass-market consumer goods for the UK  consumer. 2017 has seen the results of this effort  start to come to fruition." annual report and accounts 2017 Strategic Report  Chief Executive's Review continued ULTIMATE  PRODUCTS www.upgs.com 10 Alan Rigby has spent the majority of his  working career at HSBC plc, joining in 1975 and  gaining broad experience through a range of  management positions, including credit and risk,  retail, commercial, large corporate and global  banking markets. Robbie Bell is the Chief Financial Officer of  Welcome Break. Prior to that, he was the Chief  Financial Officer of Screwfix, a subsidiary of  Kingfisher plc. He was previously the UK Finance  Director of Travelodge between 2006 and  2008, having started his career at Whitbread plc  before moving to Tesco plc. Outlook & Market Environment The Group operates primarily in the branded,  value-focused consumer goods sector in the