 4 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 5 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 WE WIN NEW CUSTOMERS  AND SELL MORE TO  EXISTING CUSTOMERS We have a strong track record of developing  new revenue streams and are fast to move as the  market evolves. Despite our success we see more  opportunities for organic growth. WE DELIVER OUTSTANDING  CUSTOMER SERVICE We seek to provide truly outstanding levels of service  to our customers and we believe that is a direct function  of the talent we recruit, the training we give them  and their level of engagement. FANTASTIC PEOPLE DELIVERING  OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE Business model 99% customer satisfaction  for seven years in a row  Customer numbers   ’000 Gross profit per customer   £’000 WE INCENTIVISE AND  7 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executive’s statement continued  Y ou have six branches now; how did they each perform? Yes, that’s right; we have branches in Marlow, London,  Manchester, Leeds, Glasgow and Bristol but have also  recently announced that we intend to open a seventh location  on the South Coast in the first half of this new financial year.  All existing branches met expectations and achieved  positive growth. For me the standout performers were  Manchester and London. We very much enjoyed our first  full financial year in Scotland and are delighted with the  number of new Scottish customers who are trading with  Softcat since we became established there. What about the markets you serve? The SMB and mid-market remains our largest segment  and, despite our market leadership position, continues  to grow very nicely from a very large base. Our public  sector business saw very strong growth again this year  and the enterprise segment also outpaced overall Company  growth and it’s pleasing to see us tapping into that opportunity.  The vast majority of our business is in the UK but we assist  an increasing number of our customers with their  requirements outside the UK. How have you performed against   your business model this year? In essence, our business model begins by recruiting large  numbers of new employees into the organisation to help  support and further augment our growth. Most sales  people join straight from university or at early stages of  their career. This has been supplemented by a successful  apprenticeship scheme which has been recognised with  a number of awards this year. We take more experienced  people into the organisation for other positions, notably  in services. Finding the right people to join the Company  is never easy and perhaps our biggest challenge as a  business, but we had another excellent year of recruiting  excellent new talent into the organisation. Once in the organisation, we strive to be a great place to  work and to fully motivate our employees. While we are  well known for this and have received many accolades  over the years, we are far from complacent and as the  business gets bigger the employee engagement challenge  doesn’t become any easier. Last year in our annual employee  engagement survey we recorded our highest ever employee  net promoter scores and our score for personal morale was  exceptionally high, and opportunities for training and  development is our most improved area over the last  five years. If we employ the right people and they are fully engaged  with the business, we believe our employees will provide  exceptional customer service. We believe this is the key  to our success and providing exceptional service is at the  very heart of our model. Again, we aren’t perfect and know  that while once again our customer satisfaction survey  produced outstanding results and our customers continued  to increase the amount of business they do with Softcat,  we can still get better and we are very much “on it”, which  was our Company phrase of the year in 2017 and is the  theme of this Annual Report. Which accolades and milestones   of note have you received this year? I was delighted Softcat was named as the overall largest  Microsoft licensing partner in the UK and we also received  awards from a number of other vendors. These include  Partner of the Year awards from HPE, Mimecast, Veeam  and others.  What is your latest view on   cloud and how it is affecting you? It is a very consistent view with what we have been saying  for the last five years and there are several levels to this.  We see an increasing proportion of our software licensing  business transition to a cloud-based platform. For example  we may previously have sold Microsoft licensing agreements  for Office which were installed by customers on their sites.  Today, many customers are choosing to consume Office  from the cloud with Office 365.  13,000 12,200 customers in FY16 £10.5k £9.9k GP per customer in FY16 8 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 99% customer   satisfaction rating In terms of customers running their own legacy applications  many have come to the conclusion that they should continue  running on their own infrastructure, while a preference is  often given to consuming new applications from the cloud.  This results in the majority of our customers favouring  some form of hybrid IT, using some combination of their  own infrastructure and the cloud. Some customers may effectively outsource the management  and possibly ownership of that infrastructure to a third party.  This is often known as the private cloud and a small part  of Softcat’s business is running private cloud environments  for our customers.  For reasons of