 Annual Report 2017 02 Strategic Report Highlights Financial  > Strong revenue growth of 19.8%  (14.5% at constant currency):  > organic revenue growth of 7.3%  (2.1% at constant currency); and  > inorganic revenue growth of 12.5%  (12.4% at constant currency).  > Adjusted operating profit increased by 9.6% to  £35.6 million (4.2% at constant currency).   > As anticipated, adjusted operating profit margin  declined by 1.7 percentage points, partly as a  consequence of new acquisitions.  > Reported profit before tax declined by 2.5%  to £17.9 million (2016: £18.4 million), resulting  predominantly from the increased amortisation  of acquired intangible assets and a movement  in the fair value of derivative financial instruments.  > Adjusted operating cash flow was very strong  at £35.9 million (2016: £31.1 million).  > Net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 0.9x after  two acquisitions completed in the year.  > Adjusted basic and diluted EPS growth of 7.9%  to 13.6 pence (2016: 12.6 pence).   > Reported basic and diluted EPS declined by 10.3%  to 7.0 pence (2016: 7.8 pence).   > Full year dividend of 4.15 pence per share, up 9.2%. Strategic  > Two acquisitions completed during the year,  strengthening our position in existing geographies,  with all integration activity for recent acquisitions  progressing well.  > Acquisition of Breathing Buildings Limited  completed in December 2016. Breathing Buildings  has been pioneering natural and hybrid ventilation  systems Annual Report 2017 04 Strategic Report At a Glance Excelling in residential  and commercial  markets across two  business segments. Ventilation Group, which primarily  supplies ventilation products for  residential and commercial construction  applications in the UK, the Nordics and  Central Europe.  OEM (Torin-Sifan), which manufactures  and supplies motors, motorised impellers,  fans and blowers to OEMs of heating,  ventilation and air conditioning products  for both residential and commercial  construction markets worldwide. Ventilation Group The Ventilation Group consists of 13 key brands, focused  primarily on the UK, Swedish, Norwegian, German, Belgian and  Dutch ventilation markets: In the UK:  Vent‑ Axia, Manrose, Breathing Buildings,  Diffusion, National Ventilation and Airtech In the Nordics: Fresh, PAX, VoltAir System and Welair In Central Europe: Ventilair, inVENTer, Brüggemann and Vent‑ Axia The Ventilation Group has sector‑ leading positions in the UK,  Sweden, Germany and Belgium. During the year, we completed the following acquisitions,  enhancing and widening the Group’s capability:  > Breathing Buildings: a leader in natural and hybrid ventilation  for commercial buildings.   > VoltAir System: a strong player in the residential and  commercial new build ventilation markets in Sweden in the  growing market for energy‑ efficient air handling units.  OEM (Torin-Sifan)  Torin‑ Sifan is a leading supplier of motors, motorised impellers,  fans and blowers for the Annual Report 2017 06 Strategic Report Chairman’s Statement   Peter Hill, CBE Strong results created through  excellence in ventilation.  Dear shareholder, I am pleased to present our Annual Report and Accounts for the  year ended 31 July 2017, a year in which we have continued to  make strong progress in building a more valuable Volution Group.  This was despite the vote for the UK to leave the European Union  and the resulting devaluation of Sterling against both the US Dollar  and the Euro. While we expect some uncertainty ahead as the  UK negotiates the terms of Brexit, we remain confident in the  long‑ term prospects for the Group based on our clear strategy  of building our brand portfolio while diversifying in markets and  geographies. Our businesses performed well with excellent trading  performance during the year with 19.8% growth in revenue, an  increase in adjusted operating profit of 9.6% to £35.6 million and  strong cash generation, making this the sixth consecutive year  the business has recorded revenue and underlying operating  profit growth. During the year the Group made further progress with its strategy  of making selective value‑ adding and strategically important  acquisitions in our ventilation segment, acquiring Breathing  Buildings in the UK and VoltAir System in Sweden. This strategic  pillar, acquiring selective value‑ adding acquisitions, together with  organic growth, has supported the achievement of another year  of strong performance and growth. You Annual Report 2017 09 Chief Executive Officer’s Review   Ronnie George Using our knowledge to create  excellence in ventilation.  Overview I am pleased to report another year of strong results as we  continue to build on the success of the past. We completed  two acquisitions in the year, in line with our strategy of making  selective value‑ adding acquisitions, and also successfully  integrated the acquisitions made in the prior year. The acquisition  of Breathing Buildings, a natural and hybrid ventilation system  provider to the education sector in the UK was completed in  December 2016 and more recently VoltAir System, a Swedish  producer of heat recovery ventilation solutions for primarily the  commercial new build market was completed in May 2017. The integration of the National Ventilation and Airtech brands was  completed in the year with a significant increase in their operating  margins through the pre‑ planned product “swap‑ out” initiatives,  product upgrades and the closure of the small manufacturing  assembly operation in Lasham, Hampshire. The closure of the  Lasham facility (part of our factory relocation project) was made  possible through a product range development initiative, which  resulted in the integration of the product supply inside the existing  UK manufacturing footprint. I am also pleased to advise that all ten  factory operatives at the facility were able to find alternative, local  employment post closure. The Group delivered organic revenue growth of