 PLANT IMPACT PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT Innovation  thrives in a  challenging  environment At Plant Impact this year we have invested more  in R&D and been rewarded with advances in  our pipeline of products. Recent industry-wide  commercial challenges have not slowed  our scientific progress. DR DAVID JONES CHAIRMAN The last 12 months have been eventful  ones for our industry and for our  business. We have seen a remarkable  uptick in the pace of technical  innovation from smaller companies, as  well as from industry multinationals.  There have been numerous scientific  and technical developments in the  areas of biostimulants, AgData,  plant genetics and advanced sensing  and diagnostic tools. The future of  technology on the world’s farms and in  its food supply chain looks very bright  over the next 5-10 years: growers will  have better inputs, better information  about how to use them, and newer,  more efficient ways of doing business. The short-term commercial  environment in agriculture looks  very different, however. An unusual  succession of strong harvests over  the past five years (prompted by both  good weather and grower adoption of  new, high-tech inputs) has depressed  commodity prices in the world’s big  crops: corn, soybeans, wheat and rice.  This has created significant pressure on  growers’ profitability and the financial  performance of the distributors and  input manufacturers who supply them.  Cost-cutting behaviour by farmers has  reduced input consumption, creating  significant channel inventory in many  markets, notably Brazil and the United  States. The industry is adjusting to these  new conditions in a number of ways,  most conspicuously by consolidation. Plant Impact’s business progress in the  last financial year reflects these broader  sectoral trends. We have invested more  in R&D and have been rewarded with a  step advance in our pipeline of products.  In the next two years, we expect to  launch new crop enhancement products  for both soybean and our second target  crop, wheat. Following investments and  partnerships for early stage discovery  of new yield-enhancing small molecules  Chairman’s Statement 03 FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE  REPORT STRATEGIC  REPORT suitable for soybean, wheat and other  major dicot and monocot crops, we have  made many promising discoveries. We  expect these to generate significant  new revenue in the medium term. Commercially, the Group’s Brazil  Veritas ®  business – still the majority  of its sales – experienced a shortfall  in grower consumption relative to  campaign targets, impacting our sales  for the 2016/17 financial year and the  outlook for the 2017/18 year. In spite  of this, we made the important step of  establishing commercial positions in  the United States and Argentina, which  – along with Brazil – make up more than  90% of the world’s soybean production. The Group’s Board and management  have evolved the strategy of the  Company to reflect the richer flow of  development products we are now  seeing. We are moving from a sole  focus on the exploitation of products  in hand, to orientating ourselves to a  future where our R&D platform will  significantly broaden our offer (and  with it, of course our development  challenge). Detail on this is explained  more fully in the Chief Executive’s  Review. Having worked successfully  with the previous strategic plan from  2011 to 2016 of globalising and placing  our products into important sectors  of world agriculture, this evolution of 