 Overview Strategic report Governance Results Shareholder information AT A GLANCE AT A GLANCE THE GROUP GAME Digital plc  is the home of GAME  Retail and a growing  portfolio of  ground‑breaking  gaming services  and experiences. What we do, where we do it  UK The majority of the Group’s employees are based in the UK.   UK operations span all areas of the Group’s activities. UK employees 2016: 3,747   3 , 47 2 UK operations Retail Esports and  Events Digital Business activity Spain The Group employs c.1,200 people in Spain. The Group’s Spanish  operations are focused on multichannel retail and esports. Spain employees 2016: 979  1 ,1 9 6 Spain operations Retail Esports and  Events Digital Business activity 02 GAME Digital plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 1. 2. 3. 1. 2. 3. Split of Group revenue (%) 1. Core Retail: UK 62.7% 2. Core Retail: Spain 35.6% 3. Events, Esports & Digital 1.7% Our social media audience (m) 1. Core Retail: UK 1.8 2. Core Retail: Spain 0.5 3. Events, Esports & Digital 0.2 03 GAME Digital plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 08 Chairman’s Statement  10  Chief Executive’s Officer’s strategic review 2 0  O u r m ar k e tp l a ce 26 Our business model 30 Our strategy 38  Our key performance indicators 41 Our risks and uncertainties 45 Operating responsibly 50 Business review 53 Financial review Strategic report How we performed;  how the market  returned to growth  in the second half;  and where we see  challenges and  opportunity.  Overview Strategic report Governance Results Shareholder information 07 GAME Digital plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Our priority remains on the business elements within our  control, delivering on each of the four pillars of our strategy:  — continuing to improve our core UK and Spanish retail  businesses, based around the evolving needs and behaviours  of customers  — expanding the Group’s live and online gaming services  for gamers and publishers   — developing and growing the Group’s digital enterprise services  — optimising organisational efficiency while investing  for the future. At the core of this activity is our drive to reposition the business  to address the changing consumer preferences and behaviours  within our industry, and we are making good progress in  this regard. Over the period, we have rapidly developed our  live gaming operations, opening 18 BELONG gaming arenas;  launched a major new membership scheme in the UK –  ‘GAME Elite’; successfully developed new retail categories  and services; delivered a number of improvements to the  omni-channel customer journey, including an enhanced Click  & Collect service and new Reserve & Collect offer; hosted our  largest ever Insomnia Gaming Festival and doubled sales from  our digital enterprise businesses. Whilst we have continued to invest in the long-term  development of the business, we have also maintained strong  capital discipline and cost control, with significant cost savings  achieved across our UK retail operations in the year. To this end, and on behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our  management team and our colleagues, in every region and part  of the business, for their hard work and dedication in driving  forwards our strategy. Performance Despite the strong sales performance in the second half,  up 7.8%, Group revenues fell 3.6% over the year as a whole,  to £782.9 million. As Overview Strategic report Governance Results Shareholder information CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S  STRATEGIC REVIEW As evidenced by the tough UK market environment experienced  in the first half of the year, some of these changes continue  to provide challenges to our business, but they also provide  significant opportunities. Our ‘GAME Changing’ strategy is focused  on realising these opportunities and, while our overall financial  results for the year were disappointing, I am pleased with the  strategic progress we have made over the last 12 months. Across our retail businesses we have continued to enhance  and differentiate our specialist proposition, including launching  our new ‘GAME Elite’ membership scheme in the UK. We  have further developed new categories and ranges, such  as digital content, PC gaming and licensed merchandise,  delivering strong sales growth in these areas. We have made  improvements to our multichannel proposition, to make  shopping with us even more convenient and we continue to  take steps to reduce costs and optimise the performance of our  retail footprint. The immense flexibility of our lease portfolio  continues to support significant reductions in fixed costs whilst  also allowing us to reposition our retail and venue approach in  major cities and towns. Importantly, we have made significant progress in pioneering  and delivering competitive gaming at a local level. Our ‘BELONG’  gaming arena initiative was launched just over a year ago, with  an encouraging performance being delivered from the first  18 venues in operation. At the same time, we have successfully  developed our digital enterprise businesses. We will continue  to expand our BELONG footprint in the UK and we are planning  to launch our first arenas in Spain in 2018. The fast-moving dynamics of our industry demand that we  be agile and focused with regards to the Group’s strategic  direction. Accordingly, following a recent review of the  Group’s business areas, and particularly in light of the positive  performance of BELONG, we have decided to prioritise the  development of our experience based esports and competitive  gaming proposition. Consequently, the Board has evaluated  strategic options to maximise shareholder returns from our  digital enterprise activities. Despite GTV growth in the second half period of 6.6%, overall  Group sales for the year (measured as