 Chairman’s Statement Achieving  our objectives " We will continue to work hard   to run our existing businesses   as efficiently and effectively  as possible whilst investing  for the future..." Peter Baker Non-Executive Chairman 4 Finsbury Food Group   Annual Report & Accounts 2017 We continue to make good progress   in line with our stated aim of becoming   a leading speciality bakery group   in the UK.  We have delivered a resilient performance despite   the changing consumer and customer dynamics  and the challenging economic environment for   food manufacturers across the industry, which  has made the journey somewhat slower and  harder than expected. The Board has reviewed  the Group’s strategy in the light of these external   changes and has concluded that there is no need   for any radical change of direction and we still  firmly believe we are set on the right path to  achieve our goal. We will continue to work hard  to run our existing businesses as efficiently and   effectively as possible whilst investing for the   future and keeping a solid balance sheet that can   be utilised, as and when the right opportunities  present themselves. The Board welcomed Bob Beveridge as a   Non-Executive Director in July and he will be   joining the Audit Committee. The new Group  management structure has bedded in well and   is delivering the scale opportunities and benefits   expected, whilst preserving our largely  decentralised site system. The Results The Group’s revenue for the 52 weeks was  £314.3m, up 0.3%, on a like for like basis,  compared to last year’s adjusted 52 week figure.  Profit before tax at £13.0m is up from £11.8m  in the prior period, which on an adjusted and  like for like basis is £16.6m versus £15.7m,  representing a 5.6% increase. Debt is at 0.7  times EBITDA. This result delivers on our expectations and  has been achieved against a deflationary UK  retail food market which is changing in terms  of channel balance, as consumers shop in less  traditional ways. This has led to an upswing  in the discounter’s market share and online  gains. Specific cost issues, that relate to the  current weakness of Sterling and increased  costs of the new national living wage have   also had to be overcome through efficiency  gains and price adjustment. The European  business has performed strongly this year   and has demonstrated the benefit of having   a diversified portfolio. A full financial review   is available further on in the Report.  This outcome has not been easy to achieve  and has only been possible because of our  Board’s long-term focus on driving efficiency  and managing costs, as well as the hard work  of Finsbury’s Chief Executive’s Report " The Group is now one of   the largest speciality bakery  groups in the UK with a small  but fast growing European  business." John Duffy Chief Executive Officer Achieving  e ffi ci e n cy 6 Finsbury Food Group   Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Since joining the Company in 2009,  our team has been keenly focused  on creating strong foundations and  a competitive cost base to ensure  that we are in a solid position to  weather industry-wide challenges.  Driving efficiency and scale has been a long-term   focus for Finsbury and has represented the  rationale behind a range of initiatives we have   implemented over recent years.   With this in mind, having been operating within  a deflationary UK grocery food market during  the period under review, the effectiveness of  these initiatives has been tested. Therefore I am   pleased to report on the solid performance and   trading resilience the Group has demonstrated  against the headwinds posed by sustained Sterling   devaluation and high input costs experienced  during FY 2017 . This performance, which includes   growth in both Group sales and profit in the year  on a like for like basis, follows several years of   very strong organic and acquisition-led growth  and demonstrates the benefits of the investment   and diversification strategy implemented over  recent years. Additionally, our strong cashflow  and robust balance sheet allowed us to both  reduce debt and increase our dividend whilst  continuing to invest to strengthen our business  for the future.  The Group is now one of the largest speciality  bakery groups in the UK with a small but fast   growing European business. The latter performed   particularly strongly as it benefited from  improved celebration cake and free from product  ranges and was boosted by the exchange rate  tailwind from a weaker Sterling. All food manufacturers and their customers  have had to navigate the transition from the  deflationary food market of recent years to the   inflationary environment evident throughout  the second half and beyond. Sterling’s structural   decline amplified typically cyclical commodity  input cost increases for UK manufacturers  importing many of their ingredients. The National   Living Wage has similarly amplified annual labour  cost inflation throughout the labour intensive  food and agriculture sector and indeed beyond.  This trend looks set to continue for some time  with high profile butter price hikes, driven by  increased demand and a supply shortfall, the  most significant example in recent months. This market transition has seen us work  proactively with our brand partners and customers   to revise our product, pricing and promotional  portfolio to