 Highlights * Percentage based on figures in thousands (2017: £55.545m, 2016: £48.509m) **  Constant currency uses prior year weighted average exchange rates to translate current  year foreign currency denominated revenue to give a year on year comparison excluding  the effects of foreign exchange movements. See table in the Financial Review for an  analysis of revenue on page 39. +72% increase in  operating profit  (pre-R&D)   to £7 .4m  (2016: £4.3m) +15% * revenue growth  at constant  currency  **   to £55.5m   (2016: £48.5m) +32% revenue growth  increase in actual  terms to £64. 1m  (2016: £48.5m) 10% compound  annual growth  in net sales   over 18 years £22.1m Cash at 30 June  (2016: £23.4m) 13% Market share  in the Group’s  main European  markets  (2016: 12%) Financial Operational • Commencement of recruitment for pivotal Phase III Pollinex Quattro Birch trial • US Grass MATA programme proceeding well; safety study successfully completed • First patient recruited for Acarovac MPL Phase I trial in Spain • Positive pre-clinical proof of concept trial data announced for Polyvac Peanut 02 Strategic Report What is  Immunotherapy? Immunotherapy is the practice of  administering gradually increasing   doses of an allergen in order to address  the causes of the symptoms of allergy.  It was first carried out almost 100 years  ago and is now in widespread use around  the world. It is sometimes referred At a  Glance What makes   us different Our ultra-short course treatments  consist of 4-6 injections over the  course of 3-6 weeks compared  to daily tablets or an average  treatment in the market of a  12-15 course of injections. Our  approach offers the simplicity of  4-6 injections, increased tolerability  and demonstrated efficacy 2 .  Our adjuvant technologies improve  therapies by allowing them to  increase efficacy. We are further  developing this concept in our  specialist business, Bencard Adjuvant  Systems; improving health and  evaluating vaccinations for infectious  diseases and cancer treatments.  Our values have created a culture  based around vision, commitment  and humanity. We take extraordinary  ideas and bring them to market  – enhancing treatments and  transforming people’s lives. Products 1.  Pollinex Quattro 2. Oralvac  3.  Tyrosine S / TU,  4. TyroMILBE Markets 1. Germany 2. Italy 3. Austria 4. Spain 5. Switzerland 1 Zielen S et al., Allergologie 2007 (30) Suppl 1;(S1-8) 2 Patel P , et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol 2014; 133:121-9 6. The Netherlands 7.  UK & Export market 8.  Czech Republic  9. Slovakia 10. Canada and South Korea 5. Acarovac Plus 6.  Third Party Products 7. Diagnostics  8. Pollinex 9. Venomil allergytherapeutics.com 05 At a Glance 8 1 2 7 Chairman’s Statement “  Allergy Therapeutics’  strategy remains clear  and focused and it is  expected that the  business will continue  to grow and its  portfolio of products  expand in 2018   and beyond.” with our US commercial strategy.  The Grass MATA MPL product  completed the safety study relating  to its higher dose and the Phase  II Grass trial is due to commence  before the end of 2017.  Financially, the Group remains in a  robust position with a strong cash  balance due to strong sales growth,  aided additionally by the weakening  of sterling against the euro. Board Changes There were a number of changes  to the Board during the year. In  February, we welcomed US-based  Jeff Barton who succeeded Jean- Yves Pavée as Abbott Laboratories’  nominated director and, in June,  Thomas Lander, our Board member  with extensive R&D experience,  retired from the Board and Tunde  Otulana was appointed as a new  independent Non-Executive Director.  I thank Jean-Yves and Thomas for  their significant contributions to  the Board during their tenures. Jeff  Barton, who is based at Abbott  headquarters in Chicago and is VP  Licensing and Acquisitions, brings  extensive commercial experience,  especially in the US, which will prove  vital as the Group continues to  execute its global strategy. Tunde  is also based in the US and brings  a Chief Executive Officer’s Review “  A key aim of the  management team is  to leverage its current  infrastructure and this  is demonstrated by  the strong increases in  revenue and pre-R&D  operating profit this  year in comparison   with the prior year. ” infrastructure, further strengthening  its supply chain and regulatory  functions in anticipation of an  increasingly regulated framework  for allergy treatment across the EU  and the US. The changes in the  regulatory environment and a drive  towards evidence-based products  will be to the Group’s advantage.  Increasing market share  During the period, the Group  continued to increase its market  share in the markets in which we  operate, driving this to 13% (2016:  12%) against a broadly flat market  backdrop. In the product portfolio,  Pollinex Quattro continues to  grow well as patients and allergists  increasingly seek the benefits of  our ultra-short course treatment  programmes. Venomil, driven by  raw material supply issues in the  market also grew strongly. Acarovac  Plus and Probiotics continued  to gain market share with the  former being the fastest growing  component of the Spanish portfolio.  Scaling up the business A key aim of the management team  is to leverage its current infrastructure  and this is demonstrated by the  strong increases in revenue and  pre-R&D operating profit this year  in