 STRATEGY IN ACTION 04 PRODUCE INVESTMENTS ANNUAL REPORT & ACCOUNTS 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT A strong finish   from a difficult start The Group ended on a high in a year of two halves. I am pleased to report   a strong performance in the second half of our financial year, confirming   the effectiveness of our strategic approach and the success of the diversified   business model we have developed in our established produce operations.  RESULTS As we anticipated in the interim report, the  second half saw a much improved trading  result as we began to recover higher raw  material costs in our core Greenvale potato  business, enjoyed a strong season for Jersey  Royals and started to realise the benefits of  our new ERP system. This has delivered a  Group operating profit before exceptional  items for the year of £8.4m (2016: £9.2m),   in line with our expectations, and a profit  before tax of £6.6m (2016: £3.5m) despite  the increased loss before tax of £1.0m   (2016: loss £0.2m) reported in the first half. DIVIDEND The Board recommends an increased final  dividend of 5.026 pence per share (2016:  4.88 pence). Together with the interim  dividend of 2.44 pence per share (2016:   2.44 pence) paid in April, this makes a total  dividend for the year of 7.466 pence (2016:  7.32 pence), a rise of 2.0%. Subject to the  approval of shareholders at the Annual  General Meeting (AGM), the final dividend  will be paid on 5 December 2017 to ordinary  shareholders on the register at the close of  business on 3 November 2017. BOARD CHANGES I will be retiring at the AGM on 29 November  2017, as will Non-Executive Director (NED)  Sean Christie. Having served two full  three-year terms, Senior independent   NED Sir David Naish will also be retiring by  rotation. Barrie Clapham will resume the  position of Chairman on an interim basis   as the Group commences a recruitment  process to find a more permanent  successor. Liz Kynoch will continue in her  role as NED, as will Robert Johnston, the  principal representative of the Jerry Zucker  Revocable Trust, the largest shareholder   in the Group, who joined the Board as NED  on 9 June 2017. The Board will continue   to work in a sustainable way to deliver  incremental shareholder value over the  longer term. STRATEGY  Following the restatement of the   Company Strategy at the interims in   March, the Board has decided to revert   to the original strategy of growing the  business through strategic acquisitions of  quality businesses that offer synergies and  product or customer diversification. At the  same time we will continue to explore   and fund the organic growth opportunities  of the subsidiary companies.  PEOPLE On well positioned for further new business wins. 09 PRODUCE INVESTMENTS ANNUAL REPORT & ACCOUNTS 2017 Directors’ Report Financial Statements Overview Strategic Report CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT Strength   in diversity Diversification, investment, new business gains and strengthened customer  relationships have all helped us to overcome the significant challenges posed   by rising raw material costs and continuing intense price competition in the   UK retail market place. FRESH Our core potato business, accounting for  circa 78% of Group revenues during the  year (2016: circa 78%), traded successfully  through a less stable year, characterised   by lower crop yields, resulting in higher raw  material costs and retail price deflation.  Although the planted area for UK potatoes  increased by just over 4% in the 2016  harvest, below average yields resulted in   a 4% reduction in the total crop to 5.22m  tonnes (2015 harvest: 5.43m tonnes). With  demand outstripping supply throughout  the year, input costs remained consistently  high. However, Kantar World panel data for  the fresh retail potato market showed a  decline in market value of 3.5% during the  year, on relatively static volumes, reflecting  the continuation of intense competition in  the supermarket sector. We have benefited from our strategic  approach in this challenging market,  securing increased volumes with a major  retail customer for a fixed period of three  years through the adoption of a more  collaborative and transparent approach   to supply chain management. This has  delivered improved efficiencies for both  parties. We are also pleased to announce  that we have won a third mainstream retail  account, again for an initial fixed period of  three years. Sales into the non-retail sectors  of foodservice and wholesale also showed  good growth during the year, and the  launch of Linwood Crops at the start of the  year as a subsidiary trading division will  support further growth in these sectors. Following completion of our packing site  rationalisation programme in 2015, we now  operate two efficient facilities in Scotland  and Cambridgeshire, both of which are  very well placed for both the major UK  potato growing areas and distribution  channels. We have continued to drive  productivity through investment in these  sites, which accounted for a significant  proportion of the Group’s operational  capital expenditure during the year of  £4.8m (net of Peacock farm packing facility  acquisition) (2016: £3.7m). We have also continued our investment in  IT, following the successful transition in 2015  from in-house servers to a cloud-based  external provider, thereby reducing the risk  of business disruption and improving our  contingency planning and disaster recovery  capability. The focus this year has been   on the installation of our new ERP system  which,