 Our journey to continued growth... HIGHLIGHTS Strong financial performance >  Revenue of £130.5 million (2016: £119.5 million),  an increase of 9.2 per cent >  Positive like-for-like** sales of +1.5 per cent >  Adjusted EBITDA *** increased by £2.1 million to  £15.1 million (2016 Restated*: £13.0 million) >  Profit before tax of £3.6 million (2016 Restated*:  £5.1 million); adjusted profit before tax*** of £9.3 million  (2016 Restated*: £7 .4 million) >  Gross margin improved by 82 bps >  EPS of 8.2 pence (2016 Restated*: 8.8 pence); adjusted  EPS*** of 14.2 pence (2016 Restated*: 11.7 pence) >  Final dividend of 3.3 pence per share  (2016: 3.3 pence per share) Estate development >  Six new sites opened in the year and are trading well >  Existing estate well invested and constantly evolving  through innovation to maintain premium positioning Current trading > Like-for-like sales for first quarter of current year +0.3 per cent >  Six new sites planned for the year to 30 June 2018, of which  four are expected to open in H1 *  Restated – see Note 1(b) of the consolidated financial statements for an explanation and analysis of the prior year adjustments included  in respect of the profit for the 53 weeks ended 2 July 2016. ** Like-for-like sales are defined as total retail sales from bars that have traded continuously for at least 12 months.  *** Adjusted EBITDA excludes exceptional items and bar opening costs (see reconciliation table on page 18 of the Financial Review). The company has an accounting reference date 30 June and prepares accounts to  the Saturday closest to this date. Throughout this report references to “2016”,  “FY16”, “Year ended 30 June 2016” and “30 June 2016” relate to the 53 week period  ended 2 July. When discussing performance in the period to 2 July 2016 when  referring to the position at the end of period references to “2015”, AT A GLANCE Strong cash generation and investment to  deliver rollout of both the Revolución de Cuba  and Revolution brands. Our Revolution bars have been trading since  1996 and are a destination of choice for  customers who value a premium drinks and  food-led offering. Each Revolution bar has its own character,  individual design and layout, with bar interiors  tailored on a site-by-site basis to utilise the  space available and the best attributes of the  architecture of each bar. The success of our Revolution brand is driven by  our customers’ desire to be entertained outside  of their homes in highly invested, exciting, quality,  contemporary environments. The principal  revenue streams are generated from our wide  range of premium cocktails and drinks and our  lunchtime and evening food offerings. New Revolución de Cubas at Harrogate, Aberdeen, Reading and Glasgow were  opened in the first half of the period, and were followed by two new Revolutions  in Southend and Torquay in the final quarter. The bar design differs from the Revolution  concept, with Revolución de Cuba bars being  characterised by their 1940s Cuban-inspired  style, with dark woods, traditional bar counters,  antique tiles, vintage furniture, Havana-style  ceiling fans and original Cuban artwork and  photographs, with each bar tailored to give  it an individual character. The success of our Revolución de Cuba brand  is driven by the Cuban-inspired premium  proposition offering cocktails, food and live music  to a wide range of customers. The principal  revenue streams are generated from our rum-led  cocktail range coupled with a Spanish and  Mexican-based tapas-inspired food menu and  authentic live Latin music and entertainment. New Revolution  bars in 2017 New Revolución de  Cuba bars in 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT The clear and focused strategy, the quality of our sites and proposition, and the talent  within the Group leave the business well placed for further growth in 2018.  The scale and strength of our new venue pipeline and the excellent returns achieved  by new venues opened in the last two years mean that the business can be confident  about achieving its growth targets going forward. >  The Board paid an interim dividend  this year of 1.65 pence per share  (2016: 1.5 pence per share). >  Subject to approval at the  Company’s annual general  meeting, we will pay a final  dividend of 3.3 pence per share  (2016: 3.3 pence per share). As the Chairman of Revolution Bars  Group plc, it is my privilege to introduce  this, our third annual report and accounts  for the 52 weeks ended 1 July 2017.  Our business The strategy of the Group is to provide  high-quality retail brands in the leisure sector.  Our business comprises two strong brands:  Revolution, which is focused on young adults,  and Revolución de Cuba, which is focused on  a broader age range. Whilst both businesses  are wet-led, food is an important part of our  growth and of our appeal to both customer  groups. Our strategy for growing the business  is to be customer focused, continually striving  to provide a better experience both in terms  of product offering, ambience and facilities  leading to repeat visits and driving like-for-like  sales. The Group is additionally focused on  growing its footprint and number of premium  bars by seeking new sites in good locations,  and investing capital to deliver good returns.  This year we opened six new venues, four of  which were Revolución de Cubas. Two years  ago, Revolución de Cuba traded from only  five venues but, including Belfast, which CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S STATEMENT Customer loyalty is determined by many factors. We do not take anything for granted 