 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 1 We are very pleased with the progress made  across our pipeline. The licensing of SRA737 to  Sierra Oncology places the development and  marketing of this exciting oncology candidate  in the hands of a highly experienced team.  The agreement has the potential to provide  substantial funds, enabling us to advance  and broaden our own pipeline programmes,  and overall provides important validation of  our business model and drug R&D expertise. At a Glance See our  research  update on  page 6 What we do Sareum is a specialist drug discovery and development  company delivering targeted small molecule therapeutics,  focusing on cancer and autoimmune disease, and  generating value through licensing them to international  pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies at the  preclinical or early clinical trials stage. Our year June At the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), Sierra  Oncology reported initial progress of the two ongoing Phase 1  trials of SRA737, including the start of the cohort expansion phase  of the monotherapy trial. In addition, Sierra presented two posters  describing the innovative clinical designs of these trials. August Aurora+FLT3 patent grant notifications received for China  and Hong Kong. May Sierra Oncology announced that patents protecting SRA737  were granted in the USA and Europe, extending its protection  period to 2033 in the USA September SRA737 (formerly CCT245737), a novel Chk1 inhibitor, licensed  to Sierra Oncology (formerly ProNAi Therapeutics) for up to  US$328.5 million plus royalties by co-investment partner, the  CRT Pioneer Fund. Sareum eligible to receive 27 .5% of economics  and received £1.5 million share of US$7 million upfront on signing. January Received £450k share of US$2 million success milestone payment  as part of SRA737 licence agreement on transfer of two ongoing  Phase 1 clinical trials to Sierra Oncology. October Aurora+FLT3 patent grant notifications received for Japan  and Singapore, giving Sareum approved patent protection  in all the major territories. Successful conclusion to Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2 Drug development pipeline Sareum’s pipeline is built on the drug discovery expertise of  its founders, particularly in the field of cancer. The Company  operates a collaborative and outsourced business model.  All our laboratory-based research is carried out in the facilities  of collaborators or third-party providers. This enables us  to access drug discovery expertise throughout the world  with a very flexible cost base. Sareum focuses on developing new therapies against  biochemical targets where existing preclinical or early clinical  data are available. This data can give a strong indication that  a therapy will disrupt a targeted biochemical process and  improve patient outcomes without significant side effects.  Sareum’s approach is lower risk than developing therapies  against entirely novel targets. Chk1 kinase – targeting genetically defined solid cancers SRA737 (formerly CCT245737) is a potent, highly selective, orally  bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of Chk1, a key regulator of  important cell cycle checkpoints and central mediator of the DNA  Damage Response (DDR) network. SRA737 was licensed to Sierra  Oncology in September 2016 and is in two innovative Phase 1  clinical trials in patients with advanced cancer and tumours with  genetic mutations that predict sensitivity to Chk1 inhibition.  Tumour cells can have many genetic mutations and several of these  may result in a strong reliance on Chk1 function for tumour survival.  By blocking Chk1 function in these cases, the tumour cells die; this  exemplifies the concept of “synthetic lethality.”  The clinical studies aim to take advantage of this fundamental  role of Chk1 in cancer and will enhance patient selection in order  to maximise responses of SRA737 in:  •   a monotherapy study in genetically defined patients with five  solid tumour types. •   a combination study with Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4 Important clinical progress with  SRA737, a novel Chk1 kinase inhibitor SRA737 (formerly CCT245737) is a potent, highly selective, orally  bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of Chk1, a key regulator of  important cell cycle checkpoints and central mediator of the  DNA Damage Response (DDR) network. Sierra Oncology is evaluating SRA737 in two  innovative Phase 1 clinical trials in patients with  advanced cancer and tumours identified to have  genetic aberrations (mutations) that are thought  to confer sensitivity to Chk1 inhibition. Sierra  Oncology amended protocols for both trials to  take advantage of this fundamental role of Chk1  in cancer, with the objective of enhancing patient  selection and maximising potential responses.  The first trial is intended to evaluate SRA737  as a monotherapy in patients whose cancer  has the defined genetic profile described above.  In June 2017, Sierra Oncology reported that the  dose escalation phase of the monotherapy trial  had advanced successfully and that the cohort  expansion phase, now running at eight UK hospitals,  is enrolling patients with five cancer types that are  predicted to be highly sensitive to Chk1 inhibition:  colorectal, head and neck, non-small-cell lung,  ovarian and prostate. The trial aims to identify a dose for Phase 2 studies  along with preliminary efficacy to determine  potential patient selection strategies for further  clinical development. The combination study is exploring  the potentiating effects of low-dose  gemcitabine (a chemotherapy that  causes replication stress and DNA  damage) in combination with  SRA737, also in patients with  genetically profiled cancers. The study aims to establish the  safety profile and identify a dose for  further development of SRA737 in  combination with low-dose gemcitabine.  Once determined, the study will evaluate the  preliminary efficacy of the SRA737/gemcitabine  combination in genetically defined subjects with  bladder or pancreatic cancer. Sierra Oncology intends to provide an update  on the