 58 Company information Eagle Eye at a glance Chief Executive’s review SaaS business model 4. Redemption fee 3. Issuance fee 2. Access fee 1. Implementation fee 1 % % 1 £OFF %OFF OVERVIEW 06 Eagle Eye Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 07 Eagle Eye Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 For more information, please visit: www.eagleeye.com Our work with TCC supports our  move into the previously unaddressed  European market, providing even greater  international reach. Since signing the  partnership, we have implemented the  core foundations for a solid working  relationship and most importantly  recruited an international team to work  solely with TCC. The joint proposition is  now being actively marketed “TCC Digital  Connect” and taken into TCC’s European  clients. Excitingly, we are engaged and  in discussions with multiple retailers  through the partnership and expect to  accelerate win ratios across Europe.  We expect to see this partnership  develop throughout 2018 and beyond. We are continuing to explore strategic  alliances and partnerships that either  allow us to expedite our win ratio or  extend our reach in the value chain.  This is particularly relevant for our  mid-tier customers who increasingly  want an end-to-end solution. Since Tim’s appointment we have  reviewed our external messaging  to put the consumer at the heart of  what we do. With the benefit of his  retail and consumer experience, our  product marketing has shifted from  being solely focused on our technology  to articulating what we do from the  consumer’s perspective. A project was  kicked off in June 2017 to build on the  work done so far and the new product  marketing positioning is expected  to launch in financial H1 2018. A year of strategic and   operational progress The Board is delighted with the  significant strategic and operational  progress made during the year. As  announced in May 2017, revenues in  the year exceeded our expectations,  increasing by 71%. This positive  outcome has been driven by the  successful execution of our strategy  to win new customers, increase  transactions from existing customers  and deepen our customer relationships.  Off the back of this increased  momentum the Company successfully  completed a placing of new equity in  June 2017. This raised net proceeds of  £5.8m which will be used to accelerate  investments in product development,  infrastructure and marketing resources  to take advantage of the market  opportunity and drive international  expansion. As demonstrated above, the  Company has already begun to invest  these funds in the core areas for growth.  On behalf of the Board, I want to thank  the team for their commitment, hard  work and major steps forward this year  in terms of contract wins, further  developing the platform and enhancing  internal processes to support the next  stage of growth. Outlook  08 Eagle Eye Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 09 Eagle Eye Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 For more information, please visit: www.eagleeye.com Win, T ransact,  Deepen targeting, giving customers much more  value and offering retailers the chance  to truly understand their customers,  rewarding them whilst they are still in  store, thereby maximising engagement.  Large retailers can’t shift the dial  The big retailers have substantial  analogue schemes which are so  embedded in the organisation that it is  a challenge to upgrade and innovate  their systems. However, with the growing  importance of digital channels, in order  to meet consumers’ expectations and  utilise digital, they must look outside  of their core schemes to remain  competitive. This means they are  looking for alternative routes to get new  schemes to market quicker presenting  a sizeable market opportunity for Eagle  Eye’s innovative loyalty offering. Measuring the effect of social media There is increased pressure for  businesses to measure marketing Return  on Investment (“ROI”) across social  media channels and prove that it’s a  valuable revenue stream. This can be  solved through real-time redemption  capability, linking online to offline.  Brands using Eagle Eye can send  personalised offers to consumers and  track redemptions in real-time, enabling  businesses to invest back into the  consumer’s social media channels. This  real-time element ensures campaigns  can be tracked and optimised to  maximise success rates, whilst  delivering genuine value to consumers.  Through bridging online to offline  creating digital connections to track  behaviour, eventually retailers can  augment the shopping trip beyond  the internet, and build a richer  single view of the customer. We are uniquely placed to address  these global issues which retailers  are facing today by helping them  create an intelligent real-time  connection with their customers.  Win, Transact, Deepen Following my appointment in September  2016 our focus has been on building  on our strategy to become a global  digital marketing leader. To achieve  this we aspire to be “Better, Bigger,  Faster” by improving in three core  areas of customer interaction: “Win”  (bringing more customers onto the  Eagle Eye AIR platform); “Transact”  (driving higher redemption volumes  through the platform); and “Deepen”  (building relationships with customers  as the breadth of our product portfolio  becomes more developed).  1. Win We made continued progress adding  new retailers and brands to the AIR  platform in the year. At the end of the  year, Eagle Eye had 233 live users,  including 74 FMCG brands, up from  219 users with 70 brands at the end  of 2016. At the start of the year we  set out to