 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 BOWLEVEN AT A GLANCE An Africa-Focused   Oil and Gas Company Bowleven plc has strategic interests in key hydrocarbon licences in Cameroon.  It currently has a 25% interest in an offshore, shallow water permit in Etinde  and a 100% interest in Bomono, an onshore permit. Our vision is to deliver  transformational shareholder value through monetisation of our discovered  hydrocarbons. Creating value from these assets and managing risk are core  deliverables to our shareholders. Where We Operate The West African state of Cameroon has an established hydrocarbon industry with a history   of oil production from the Rio del Rey Basin. The Group has strategic equity interests in two permits in Cameroon, the offshore shallow water  Etinde Permit (non-operated) and the Onshore Bomono Permit (operated). 25m Population in Cameroon $3,200 Gross Domestic Products (GDP)  per capita 2.6% Population growth rate (2017 est.) Key Stats Bowleven plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 03 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Our Portfolio Etinde The Etinde Permit (formerly MLHP-7 block) was awarded an  Exploitation Authorisation in July 2014. The production sharing  contract based Permit has a term of 20 years with an option to extend  for a further ten years. The licence sits in the prolific Rio del Rey Basin.  The IM-5 well drilled in 2013, encountered liquids-rich hydrocarbons  at sufficient volumes to underpin a development scheme within the  EA framework. Bowleven has an 25% interest currently. SNH has a right to back-in  the PSC, which would have the impact of reducing Bowleven’s interest  to 20%. Bomono The Bomono Permit is located in an onshore extension of the Douala  Basin. The acreage is characterised by numerous surface oil seeps,  but is under-explored using modern exploration methods. We have  identified multiple Tertiary and Cretaceous age prospects and leads,  as well as the hydrocarbons identified in the Moambe and Zingara  exploration wells drilled in 2015. Find out more on our website  www.bowleven.com Eli Chahin Chief Executive Officer Bowleven plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 15 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Delivering Value for  All Shareholders 2017 has been a transformative year for Bowleven,   both in terms of its Board and its operating model. Responding to Shareholders Crown Ocean Capital P1 Limited (‘Crown Ocean’),  then and now a major shareholder of the Company,  approached Eli Chahin and myself around the turn of  the year. They shared their analysis of the Group’s  historic strategy, which had pursued expensive and  unsuccessful exploration activities that resulted in  significant value destruction to shareholders. They  asked us if we would be prepared to be nominated as  directors of Bowleven and we each agreed to stand for  election as independent Directors. Board Changes A General Meeting was requisitioned and, as  shareholders now know, on 14 March 2017, Eli Chahin  and I were elected Directors and the then Chief  Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and three of  the Non-Executive Directors were removed from office.  David Clarkson, the Chief Operating Officer, was not  the subject of a requisition to remove him and remained  in post as COO. On 31 March, it was announced that Billy Allan had  resigned from the Board and Eli Chahin was appointed  as Chief Executive Officer. Joe Darby joined the  Board, as Non-Executive Director, bringing extensive  oil and gas experience, and I became Chairman.  With David Clarkson, we were a newly constituted  Board, determined to refocus the Company’s  strategy on maximising value from our existing  Bowleven is now  better aligned to  delivering long-term  value for all  shareholders and the  operating model and  balance sheet  strength will ensure  that can happen. assets and reducing corporate expenses. Subsequent  discussions which we conducted with our institutional  shareholders, confirmed that this strategy enjoys  strong support throughout our shareholder base. New Leadership Six months have passed in which we have swiftly put  this strategy into action. I would like to pay tribute to  Eli Chahin for his bold and efficient leadership and to  David Clarkson for his tireless efforts in support, which  have allowed the Bowleven Group to achieve such a  material transformation in such a short period of time. The Company’s overhead base has been substantially  reduced with new exploration activity costs virtually  eliminated. We have relocated our head office from a  large prestigious Edinburgh building to a small  operation near London Bridge. This has resulted in a  reduction in full time employees from 40 to fewer than  ten, a workforce which has proven to be sufficient and  effective for the Company’s activities. These were  challenging steps for the individuals affected, and the  Board would like to thank both current and former  employees for their co-operation and patience during a  difficult period. The Board is now able to look forward  to executing its strategy from a sustainable footing. That  is to maximise the value of both our 25% Etinde  offshore interest and our interest in Bomono, utilising  the prospective arrangement with VOG, and dealing  with any future demands for funding of these  investments through careful deployment of the  Company’s $86m cash balance. Delivering Value With Crown Ocean’s representative, Matt McDonald,  having recently joined the Board, we are completely  aligned on our ambition to deliver value for all  shareholders. We are looking forward to the new  operating model for the Group and the value of  our Etinde and Bomono assets being recognised  in the Bowleven share price, as progress towards  monetisation of these fields materialises during 2018. Chris Ashworth Chairman Bowleven plc