 diurnal.co.uk 1  Diurnal Group plc _ Annual Report 2017 Highlights Operational  + Primary endpoint successfully met in European Phase III Infacort ®  registration  trial in paediatric AI  + Infacort ®  paediatric use marketing authorisation (PUMA) submitted to the  European Medicines Agency (EMA)  + First patient dosed in food matrix compatibility study intended to form part  of US Phase III registration package for Infacort ® ; expanded global patent  estate with first US patent granted for Infacort ®  + Completed first phase of establishing the Company’s European commercial  infrastructure and implemented the commercial supply chain for Infacort ®  + Significant progress in the European Phase III trial of Chronocort ®  in CAH,  with over 75% of patients enrolled Financial  + Operating loss of £12.1m (2016: £7.0m) reflecting increased investment  to support the Group’s anticipated development  + Cash and cash equivalents and held to maturity financial assets at 30 June 2017  of £19.9m (2016: £30.1m)  + Net cash used in operating activities was £10.5m (2016: £5.1m), in line with  the Board’s expectations Post-period highlights  + In line with regulatory evaluation, submitted responses to “Day 120 questions”  received from the EMA following review of the Infacort ®  PUMA package  + Submitted a proposed Phase III pivotal US registration study design and  supporting data package for Chronocort ®  to the US Food and Drug  Administration (FDA)  + Further expanded global patent 2 Diurnal Group plc _ Annual Report 2017 Strategy for success Diurnal aims to develop and commercialise products to address  unmet patient needs in chronic endocrine (hormonal) diseases,  typically where there is either no licensed medicine or where  current treatment does not sufficiently improve patients’ health.  Diurnal has identified a number of such needs within the field of  endocrinology, which the Group believes represents a multi-billion  Dollar combined market opportunity . Diurnal is able to gain valuable  insights into the burden of living with these diseases through our  interaction with physicians and patient groups. These discussions  have helped, and continue to help, shape the Group’s development  plans, such that we can deliver products that not only address  important unmet needs and improve patients’ lives but also have  a positive impact on healthcare budgets. Investing for development and value creation During the year, Diurnal continued to make significant clinical  development progress with its late-stage pipeline products, as  well as establishing commercial operations in anticipation of  future product launches. Infacort ®  and Chronocort ®  are in  late-stage clinical development targeting indications of cortisol  deficiency: Infacort ®  has completed a Phase III clinical trial and  has been submitted for marketing authorisation in Europe, and  Chronocort ®  is currently undergoing a Phase III clinical trial  for Europe. The Group has put in place strong commercial  infrastructure in Europe to support the planned  + Supply chain 4 Diurnal Group plc _ Annual Report 2017 Chronocort ®  + Modified-release hydrocortisone preparation, initially  targeting Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia in adult patients.  + Commenced a European Phase III clinical trial in  February 2016.  + Commencing a US Phase III clinical trial around the end  of 2017. STRATEGIC REPORT Diurnal at a glance T3 modified-release  + A modified-release preparation of T3 (levothyroxine)  hormone for patients suffering from hypothyroidism.  + Formulation feasibility work planned to commence  during 2018. Rheumacort ®  + Modified-release hydrocortisone preparation for  patients suffering with inflammatory diseases.  + Phase II proof-of-concept study planned to commence  in 2018. siRNA  + Short interfering RNA oligonucleotide therapy for  patients suffering from adrenocorticotropin-dependent  Cushing’s syndrome.  + Formulation underway with a view to commencing  in vivo proof-of-principle experiments in 2018. Native Oral Testosterone (DITEST ™ )  + Testosterone replacement treatment for patients  suffering from hypogonadism.  + Commenced a proof of concept study in male  hypogonadal patients in 2016. Late-stage “Adrenal Franchise” Our products Early stage pipeline The specialty pharmaceutical  company targeting patient needs  in chronic endocrine diseases Infacort ®  + Immediate-release hydrocortisone preparation targeting  Adrenal Insufficiency (including Congenital Adrenal  Hyperplasia) in children under six years of age in Europe  and sixteen years of age in 12 Diurnal Group plc _ Annual Report 2017 Chief Executive’s review The financial year to 30 June 2017 has seen Diurnal continue to  build on the momentum following its initial public offering (IPO)  in December 2015 through the delivery of key milestones contributing  towards its vision of becoming a world-leading specialty pharma  company focused on endocrinology .   In line with the Group’s strategy  set out at the time of the IPO, and supported by the financial  strength provided by the IPO, Diurnal has successfully completed  the registration study and subsequent regulatory submission of  Infacort ®  in Europe, with recommendation for approval anticipated  towards the end of 2017 , and commenced the build out of the Group’s  commercial capability in Europe, with first revenues expected in  2018. The progress the Group has made over the last year has set  the business up for a commercial step change to drive the next  stage of development.   Diurnal believes that it has an opportunity  to become one of the few UK biotechnology companies to  successfully take a product from concept to commercialisation. Diurnal believes that its strategy of developing novel products using  well-characterised active ingredients to meet significant unmet  medical needs offers a lower risk approach than the development  of new chemical or biological entities, whilst enabling significant  in-market protection through both patent filings and regulatory  protection.   For example, the active ingredient