 Strategic report Hargreaves Lansdown ⁄ Report and Financial Statements 2017 04 Empowering our clients to save and invest with confidence is  why we are in business, and I am pleased to report that we have  delivered record levels of net new business and profits this year  alongside maintaining our usual high client service standards.  The Board recognises the importance of developing a team  which contains the best talent in the industry. We have overseen  a transition to new executive leadership this year and I am  encouraged by the energy and commitment they bring to making  our business even better in the future. This is my last Annual Report  as Chairman and I am confident that I am leaving a business that  is well positioned for our next phase of growth. Overview of the year Our year commenced in the shadow of the surprise EU referendum  result, which led to market volatility, uncertainty, which still  remains, and consequent weak investor confidence. As a result,  asset gathering in the first half was adversely impacted. The  business responded positively to this challenge in the second half,  bringing innovative fund propositions to our client base, launching  our new mobile app, running successful digital and transfer mailing  campaigns and maintaining our client service levels through a busy  tax year end. This resulted in £6.9 billion of net new business for  the full year, testament to the strength of our offering, brand and  market position.  This flow of new business combined with significant market growth  to drive AUA to nearly £80 billion as at 30 June 2017 . While we have  continued to invest part of the resultant revenue increase in our  business to support growth, client service and broadening our  offering, we were still able to deliver 21% growth in profit before tax  to £265.8 million. Board changes It has been a busy year for changes to our Board and Executive  Committee. As announced last year, Ian Gorham decided to step  down as CEO and 14 August 2017 Hargreaves Lansdown ⁄ Report and Financial Statements 2017 06 Strategic report Hargreaves Lansdown at a glance Our vision is to be a household name  We want to be the best place for savers and investors in the UK.   When individuals want to save and invest they will think   of Hargreaves Lansdown as the best place to go, to make  it happen.  Our values put the client at the   heart of everything we do  Hargreaves Lansdown has a strong culture focused around our  clients. This is reflected in our values: • Put the client first  • Do the right thing  • Do it better  • Make it easy  • Go the extra mile Empowering people to save  and invest with confidence Lifelong relationships Strategic report Governance Financial statements Other information 07 Hargreaves Lansdown ⁄ Report and Financial Statements 2017 Empowering people to save   and invest with confidence We will achieve this through delivering exceptional client service  and offering five core attributes: • We see the opportunity to create lifelong relationships with  clients by being a one-stop investment service to manage  their savings and investments; • We understand that our clients want us to provide a safe and  secure service to look after their assets. We will maintain our  strong financial position and provide capacity to manage  their growth; • We price our services competitively for great value. We  promote clear and fair prices and use our scale to obtain and  provide better deals for clients; • We will ensure we provide clients with an incredible service  making the interest rates Hargreaves Lansdown ⁄ Report and Financial Statements 2017 16 I am delighted to introduce my first Chief Executive’s review. I am  proud to be leading a business that has clients at the heart of how it  operates. We are a market leader, looking after the wealth of nearly  a million individuals; a huge responsibility at a time when people  need more help than ever in managing their savings and  investments. We take this responsibility very seriously. Our  expertise and client service are well respected and I believe the  strength and scale of our business means we can continue to  develop its offering to the benefit of all our stakeholders in  the future.  2017 highlights  It was a busy year at Hargreaves Lansdown, providing us with  a strong foundation on which to build future growth. We have  broadened our offering, adding products such as the Lifetime ISA  and two new HL Select funds, launched our new mobile apps,  increased our digital marketing presence and continued to grow our  execution-only stockbroking market share. We added record net  new business (NNB) of £6.9 billion, introduced 118,000 net new  active clients to our services and grew our active client base by a  further 14% to 954,000. All achieved while maintaining our client  service at the high standards to which we aspire to.  118,000 net new active clients The importance of offering a wide range of services to clients was  made clear during 2017 . Brexit proved a drag on investor confidence  and NNB in the first part of the year, although we still increased our  market share and grew assets faster than the UK D2C platform  market. However, we also saw a significant uplift in client share  trading and associated revenues which carried on throughout the  year. This resulted in our execution-only stockbroking market share  increasing from 26.9% to 30.1% 1 , reflecting our competitive charges  and user-friendly proposition. In the second half of the year, improved