 2  Avanti Communications Group plc   Annual Report and Accounts 2017     Revenue of $56.6m for the full year (2016: $82.8m)    Significant provision against receivable from the Government of Indonesia   Impairment charges against HYLAS 1, HYLAS 2, and Filiago   Finance restructuring plan launched to equitise all of the 2023 notes, and to reduce the  interest rate on the 2021 notes.   Cash at the year end of $32.7m (2016: $56.4m)   Net debt 1  at the year end of $562.0m (2016: $588.9m)   David Williams, CEO, steps down shortly after the year end.    1 Net debt comprises current and non-current loans and borrowings less cash and cash equivalents.    STRATEGIC REPORT  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT      Avanti Communications Group plc   Annual Report and Accounts 2017  3   In the first half of the financial year, Avanti’s financial  position suffered disruption when the additional debt  facilities sought were not forthcoming on suitable  terms. After a period of very hard work, our existing  bondholders and long term investors supported the  Company through a refinancing transaction that  provided $242million of additional liquidity through a  mixture of new money and interest deferrals.   The disruption of the first six months of the year led to a lengthening  of the sales cycle as our customers and potential customers waited  for the refinancing and strategic review to be completed. Following  the completion of the transaction, some confidence did return to the  customer base, but the lag in the sales cycle has taken some time  to reverse, meaning that our revenues for the year were significantly  lower than initially expected.  Nevertheless, Avanti did win some significant business towards the  end of the year. The award of a new 3 year contract worth up to $21  million to deploy several hundred services to government sites  across Africa with an existing government customer strengthens our  business with governments across our target markets. Furthermore,  the SaT5G (Satellite and Terrestrial network for 5G) project has  started well. This project will research, develop and validate key  technologies required to enable the plug-and-play integration of  satellite communications into 5G networks. The project will trial and  assess these through live testbed demonstrations across Europe  Shortly after the year end David Williams, Chief Executive and co- founder, left the business. Alan Harper, who at the time was a non- executive director of the Company, agreed to take up the role of  interim Chief Executive. Alan has 25 years of experience in  European and African telecoms markets. He has worked at  Vodafone as Group Strategy Director and more recently founded  and ran Eaton Towers, which served most of the major telco that are  a key part of the strategy for expansion at Avanti. Alan is focussed  on rebuilding the sales momentum of the business and ensuring  that the Group has a go to market strategy that is fit for the current  market. The search for a full time replacement is underway and we  hope to make an announcement shortly.   As recently announced, the Board has launched a restructuring of  the Company’s balance sheet. 4  Avanti Communications Group plc   Annual Report and Accounts 2017    Our satellites provide high performance, affordable  connectivity to governments, businesses and  individuals across EMEA either directly through  satellite dishes installed at the user location, or by  providing backhaul connectivity to mobile networks.  Trading  Trading in the first half of the year was slower than hoped for  primarily as a result of the uncertainty associated with the strategic  review which the Company initiated in July 2016.  This uncertainty manifested itself in lower than normal levels of  pipeline conversion and an extension in the sales cycle. Of the high  probability pipeline that existed at 30 June 2016, 30% was signed  by 31 December 2016 compared to historic conversion rates of  over 60%. Since the conclusion of the strategic review and the  successful provision of additional financing, we won some  significant new business and believe that the pipeline conversion  rate should now accelerate.  In late December 2016 we received significant new tender awards  and signed contracts in the wi-fi and cellular backhaul markets and  in government networks.  We also picked up new customers for  broadband in Europe, spurred by our launch of new 40Mb  platforms – the highest speed satellite broadband in Europe.   In the second half of the year we saw some confidence return to our  customer base and secured some excellent contract wins across all  four markets of Broadband, Government, Enterprise and Backhaul.  A few notable examples are:  Satellite and Terrestrial Network for 5G (SaT5G). This project will  research, develop and validate key technologies required to enable  the plug-and-play integration of satellite communications into 5G  networks. The project will trial and assess these through live  testbed demonstrations across Europe. The goal of the project is to  deliver the seamless, and economically viable, integration of  satellite into 5G networks to ensure ubiquitous 5G access  everywhere. The project has identified a range of primary research  areas to address the integration of satellite into 5G networks, which  include extending 5G security to satellite and multicast for content  distribution. Each research area will deliver outputs and benefits in  relation to 5G ecosystem stakeholders. Live demonstrations and  validations will take place at the testbeds for the project which are  located in the UK, Germany and Finland. The project will also drive  standardisation,