  1 Operational Highlights  ● Proprietary Genedrive® Hepatitis C (HCV) test  submitted for CE marking   ● Continued positive progress with the US DoD  biohazard identifier programme, including  extension of programme into next phase  ● Successful field trials of Genedrive® aquaculture  testing programme, performed in collaboration  with the Centre for Environment, Fisheries and  Aquaculture Science (Cefas)  ● Disappointing uptake of MTB/RIF assay in India, in  part owing to sample preparation problems  specific to MTB and commercial issues  ● Name change from Epistem Holdings Plc to  genedrive plc and £6m raised from July 2016  placing - strategic focus on  molecular diagnostics  business opportunities Financial Highlights Post Year End  ● CE marking obtained for Genedrive® HCV ID kit  ● Entered into a distribution agreement with Sysmex  Europe for Genedrive® HCV ID kit in the EMEA  region with an initial focus on Africa  ● Entered into the next stage of the US DoD  biohazard programme, worth approximately $1.4m  in development income and a further $0.5m in  product sales all expected to be recognised in the  current financial year  ● £0.6m conditional grant offer from Innovate UK to  fund centrifuge free plasma separation device £5.8m +13.7% Revenue and   other income (2016: £5.1m) £3.2m +3.2% Service Income  (2016: £3.1m)    ● Turnover of £5.8m, up 13.7% (2016: £5.1m)  ● Strong growth in Genedrive® development income  to £2.6m (2016: £2.0m) principally driven by the US  Department of Defense (DoD) biohazard  programme  ● Moderate increase in Service income to £3.2m  (2016: £3.1m)  ● Trading loss improvement to £4.9m (2016: £5.4m)  despite increased Research & Development and  Administrative costs  ● Cash at 30 June 2017 of £5.1m (2016: £1.1m)   post £6.0m equity fund raising in July 2016;   30 September 2017 cash of £4.2 (unaudited)  4 CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT Ian Gilham, Ph.D. Chairman genedrive plc is well  positioned for growth   in the rapidly growing   point of need molecular  testing market. Dear Shareholder I am pleased to report that 2016/17 has seen us make further  progress on our journey to refocus the Company on the  highly attractive opportunities which the Genedrive®  diagnostics platform offers in the rapidly growing market for  decentralised, near patient diagnostic tests. Key Achievements A major focus for the year was the development of our  Genedrive® HCV ID Kit. With the advent of new ‘curative’  direct acting antiviral treatments for Hepatitis C (HCV), there  is a major opportunity to tackle the global burden of the  disease if accurate, decentralised diagnostics can be used  to identify those living with HCV and give them access to  therapy. Our Genedrive® HCV ID Kit was submitted for CE  registration in April 2017 based on excellent performance  data from clinical validation studies. Post year end, I am  delighted that we obtained CE marking, a vital first step to  commercialization. We are also delighted to have entered into a distribution  agreement with Sysmex Europe to target the commercial  HCV opportunity in Africa. The agreement covers the EMEA  region with an initial focus on multiple countries in Africa.  Working together the two companies will focus on securing  the required regulatory approvals and we anticipate  commercial traction during the 2017/18 financial year. Page Title at start: Content Section at start: Chairman’s Statement Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report   genedrive plc Annual Report 2017  5 Other Activities The pathogen detection programme with the US DoD  contributed significantly to the current year revenues and  included shipments of Genedrive® units and assays for field  use testing. Post year end we also received confirmation  that following successful evaluations, the programme will be  entering 6 CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW Overview Our transition to a commercial stage diagnostics business is  well underway. genedrive plc now has a clear strategic  direction and the efforts of the Company are focused  towards advancing our offerings as a disease detection  business built around the Genedrive® platform. I am pleased  with the progress made in the year but we are aware there  are still challenges ahead of us for the Company to fully  realise the considerable potential of Genedrive®. David Budd Chief Executive Officer We continue to make strong  progress with a disciplined  approach to executing our  strategy. Our Performance  Revenue for the period was £5.8m, up 13.7% from the £5.1m  on the prior period. This year-over-year growth in revenue  was driven by the Diagnostics division that saw revenue  growth of 36.8% to £2.6m (2016: £1.9m). Our pathogen  detection programme with the DoD was central to this  growth with revenue of £2.2m, up £0.5m from 2016. Services  revenue was £3.2m (2016: £3.1m), up 3.2%. We closed the  year with £5.1m of cash (2016: £1.1m). Targeted investment of  our cash resources remains vital as we assess and prioritise  the various commercial and development opportunities  before us. The Genedrive® Platform – Strategic Progress During the year we announced the successful studies on our  HCV ID kit conducted at the Institut Pasteur, Paris and  Queens University Nottingham. Following these successful  studies that showed overall sensitivity of greater than 99%  and specificity of 100%, the product was submitted for CE  marking in April 2017. I am pleased that in September 2017  the product obtained its CE registration. With the HCV ID kit  now CE registered we are in a position to begin  commercialisation efforts. We have signed a distribution  agreement with Sysmex Europe, a world leader in clinical  laboratory systemization and solutions, for the EMEA with an 