 in entertainment. HIGHLIGHTS TRANSITION COMPLETED Operational and strategic highlights • The Company’s transition to a fully self-publishing  business model was completed in November 2016  with the successful launch of Frontier’s second  franchise, Planet Coaster. In July 2017 Planet Coaster’s  first paid additional downloadable content was launched. • Elite Dangerous, which launched in December 2014,  continues to perform well. In June 2017 the franchise’s  addressable audience was further expanded with  release on the Sony PlayStation 4 platform. • Frontier’s next major game franchise, based on  the Jurassic World movie franchise, was revealed  in August 2017. Jurassic World Evolution is planned  for launch in summer 2018 alongside the movie  launch of Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom. • £17.7 million was raised in July 2017 through a strategic  investment from Tencent, a leading Internet and  interactive entertainment company based in China.  This will improve and accelerate Frontier’s growth  into the key Chinese market and help drive scale-up  of the business. Financial highlights • Total revenue grew 75% to £37.4 million  (FY16: £21.4 million) as the launch of the Planet Coaster  franchise in November 2016 drove a step-up in  annual sales. • Self-publishing revenue of £36.4 million  (FY16: £21.1 million) accounted for 97% of total  revenue with the balance being related to our legacy  work-for-hire business. • Operating profit grew by 550% to £7.8 million  (FY16: £1.2 million) representing an operating  margin of 21% (FY16: 6%) and EBITDA FRONTIER AT A GLANCE Planet Coaster Available for Windows PC – Planet Coaster builds on Frontier’s genre-defining expertise  with coaster park games such as RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 and Thrillville. It further raises  the bar for this popular genre, allowing players to let their imaginations run wild as they  surprise, delight and thrill incredible crowds, and share their success with the world via  the Steam Workshop community. WWW.PLANETCOASTER.COM JURASSIC WORLD EVOLUTION Launching in summer 2018 for Windows PC, Microsoft Xbox One and Sony PlayStation 4  Jurassic World Evolution – evolves players’ relationship with the Jurassic World film  franchise, placing them in control of operations on the legendary islands of Isla Nublar  and the surrounding islands of the Muertes Archipelago. Players will create and manage  their own Jurassic World as they bioengineer new dinosaur breeds, and construct  attractions, containment and research facilities. Every choice leads to a different path  and spectacular challenges arise when ‘life finds a way’. WWW.JURASSICWORLDEVOLUTIONGAME.COM Elite Dangerous Available for Windows PC, Apple Macintosh, Microsoft Xbox One and Sony PlayStation 4  Elite Dangerous – is the definitive massively multiplayer space epic, bringing gaming’s  original open world adventure to the modern generation with a connected galaxy, evolving  narrative and the entirety of the Milky Way re-created at its full galactic proportions. WWW.ELITEDANGEROUS.COM Read more from page   08 Read more from CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT  “I AM DELIGHTED WITH OUR  RESULTS AND EXCITED ABOUT  OUR FUTURE.” I am pleased to report on a very satisfying  year in Frontier’s continued development.  We completed the transition of our  business to our chosen multi-franchise  self-publishing model with the successful  launch of our second franchise,  Planet Coaster, and we are excited  about the potential for our third  franchise, Jurassic World Evolution.  Meanwhile, Elite Dangerous continues  to grow its addressable audience and  is performing well. Our long-term ambition is to become a  global leader in entertainment and we are  scaling up to continue our multi-franchise  success story. Our recent strong self-publishing  performance, as well as our long history of  delivery and capability, positions us very  well to achieve this. We have established a  scale-up plan to achieve our next step which  includes investments in people, organisation,  geographical distribution and facilities. To  support these plans we took a strategic  investment from Tencent in July 2017,  raising £17.7 million. This will enable us to  further deepen the success of our franchises,  reach new audiences, enrich the audience  experience and continue to grow their number. We continue to develop our organisation  to fulfi l our goals. In particular, we are  focusing on our management teams and  our infrastructure. As noted in last year’s  report, Jonathan Milner stepped down  from the CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT  “I WOULD LIKE TO THANK  OUR AMAZING TEAM WHO  HAVE ACHIEVED SO MUCH  SINCE OUR DECISION TO  TRANSITION OUR BUSINESS  FOUR YEARS AGO.” DAVID BRABEN  FOUNDER AND CEO and has meant that the two franchises  already released have continued to perform. STRATEGY  We believe that publishing our own franchises  is the best way to maximise the benefi t of  our core skills and our assets and our COBRA  technology platform. The Company’s focus  is on developing top quality self-published  PC and console titles for digital distribution,  as together these segments represent the  majority of the available market by revenue.  Generally the audiences on these platforms  value high quality games, and quality is one  of Frontier’s key development strengths. We will also continue to follow our repeatable  model; to create further franchises in potentially  successful but under-served sectors where  we have key expertise and knowledge and/ or IP, in order to further build our revenue  pipeline over the long term. Our strategic objective is to create long-term  sustainable growth through success in a  multi-franchise self-publication business  model. Our strategic focus is on two key areas: • developing our business to achieve  repeatable success; and • creating and managing franchises Further detail is set out in the strategy  section of this report, but I’d like to briefl y  comment on the fi rst