 3 • Revenue increased by 19.6% to £157.0 million   (18.6% constant currency) • Underlying 1  Profit Before Tax increased by 34.0% to  £10.1 million • Underlying EBITDA 2  increased by 25.3% to £16.9 million • Underlying basic EPS increased by 33.3% to 9.2 pence  • Gross margin increased by 190 basis points to 55.4% • Active 3  customers increased by 14% to 907,000  • International revenue increased by 36.2%   (29.6% constant currency) - now representing   11.5% of Group revenue • Final dividend of 1.2 pence per share proposed Reconciliation to statutory profit before tax: Underlying profit before tax IPO transaction costs Shareholder loan note interest Exceptional asset impairment Share based compensation Other non-recurring items Statutory profit / (loss) before tax £MILLION 10 .1     (0.3) - - (0.8) - 8.9 FY17 1. Underlying excludes exceptional and non-recurring items, primarily related to the cost   of admission to AIM and the capital structure in place prior to admission and the expense   of share based compensation awards introduced following the IPO. 2. EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure, a reconciliation is provided in the Financial Review. 3. Active customer is a customer on our database who has made a transaction   in the last 12 months. Prior periods are restated to exclude customers registered via   third party websites and for data cleansing enhancements. HIGHLIGHTS “Raising a smile. Be ing British, we have a unique   sense of humour and we never   take ourselves too seriously.”  “It’s who we are. We celebrate Britishness in a modern   way, in a way that shows real   understanding of our customers, their   dreams, challenges and aspirations.” “Making the ordinary extraordinary. Our unique use of colour is what   has made Joules stand out for three   decades – and is still what makes   Joules stand out today.” “Supportive and loyal. Joules started as a family   9 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S STRATEGIC REPORT FY17 was another very exciting year for Joules as  the brand continued to expand across distribution  channels and product categories both in the UK and  internationally.  The strong progress delivered during  the year was again underpinned by our focus on our  customers and our dedication to provide quality  products and engaging experiences across all channels.  THE JOULES BRAND Ever since Tom Joule established the Joules brand  nearly three decades ago, Joules has been committed  to surprising and delighting its growing community of  customers with a sense of quirky Britishness.  The Joules  brand remains distinctive not only for its exciting use of  colour, proprietary hand-drawn prints and unexpected  details but also for its values that truly connect with  our customers.  We aim to be an uplifting part of our  customers’ lives whenever they are spending quality time  doing the things they love with the people who matter. The brand’s continued expansion and success was  recognised at the 2016 Drapers Awards where Joules  won Mainstream Brand of Year against strong  competition from other leading lifestyle brands.  This  award represents a strong stamp of approval from the  fashion industry for our brand and our talented and  enterprising team.   CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STRATEGIC REPORT BUSINESS MODEL OUR BUSINESS MODEL – BORN TO BE MULTI-CHANNEL Joules was established as a multi-channel brand.    Our distribution model enables our customers to easily  engage with the Joules brand and to discover our  products, shop, pay and collect their purchases in the  way that suits their lifestyle.  This multi-channel approach is reflected in the Group’s  revenue mix between our two key, complementary  distribution channels: Retail (including stores,  e-commerce and the country shows and events circuit)  and Wholesale.  The Group has a small but growing  product licencing channel which, given the strength  of 17 DEVELOPMENT AS A LIFESTYLE BRAND  Joules delivered sales growth across product categories  with a particularly strong performance in the core  womenswear category – with our distinctive and colourful  “Right as Rain” outerwear and “Warm Welcome” coats and  gilets all proving particularly popular with our customers.   Further development of our footwear and childrenswear  categories also contributed to the strong growth.  We continued to progress the development of our  childrenswear range from baby through to toddler,   younger and older girls and boys.  Notable highlights in   the year included our colourful ponchos, fun applique   tops and beautifully designed dresses.  Our childrenswear   range is becoming increasingly popular with our  international customers. Our footwear offer continued to expand with good growth  from our very popular leather Chelsea boot range and an  increased range of wellington boot styles and designs. Whilst licencing remains a small contributor to the Group,  we are focused on continuing to build the brand through  careful expansion with licensed partners for home -  including bedding; toiletries; and eyewear.  These product  categories continue to perform well and highlight the  exciting licence income potential available to the brand  where we are able to identify opportunities that appeal to  our customers and align with Joules’ distinctive values.   CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT Joules has a loyal and highly engaged customer community.   Active customers, defined as customers who have  purchased in the last twelve months, increased 14% against  the prior year to 907,000 supported by effective marketing  and CRM campaigns, and our total customer database now  stands at 2.5 million.  One example of a customer campaign,  was our hugely successful ‘pass the parcel’ competition  which we ran on the Joules