 and inspiring partner for our customers. Conviviality Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017       1 Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Conviviality is unique in our sector. We provide for our customers,  access to over 14,000 alcohol SKUs and 6,400 impulse, food and  tobacco SKUs. We serve c.25,000 outlets in the On Trade, over 700  retail stores trading under the propositions of Bargain Booze, Select  Convenience and Wine Rack, over 400 independent specialists and are  a supplier to the supermarket multiples. Operational highlights Revenues nearly doubled to  £1,560m and profits 2  doubled  to £60.9m Buying Synergies for FY17  achieved to plan  Acquired the Bibendum PLB  Group  on 20  May 2016, which  is   performing   in line  with our  expectations Combined Integration plan  ahead of expectations for  both   Matthew Clark  and   Bibendum PLB Group New   team and  organisational  structure in place and  working  well Conviviality Retail,  Conviviality Direct and  Conviviality Trading have all  traded  strongly with revenues   of £378m, £1,040m and  £146m respectively and are   in line  with   expectations  Retail LFL’s 4  continue to  improve to (1.0%) 23   Franchisees  have grown   their portfolios during the  period Financial highlights Revenue 1  £m £1,560m Increase of 85% 1  from 2016 Adjusted EBITDA 2  £m £60.9m Increase of 102% from 2016 Profit before tax £m £22.5m Increase of 147% 1  from 2016 Diluted EPS £p 10.4p Increase of 136% from 2016 Adjusted diluted EPS 3  £p 21.0p Increase of 48% from 2016 1. Includes the full year revenue and profit of Matthew Clark and the revenue and profit of Bibendum PLB Group from the date  of acquisition. Alternative performance measures 2. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, exceptional items, share based payments and fair value of foreign  exchange derivatives. This is reconciled to ‘profit before tax’ in note 3. 3. Profit before tax, exceptional items, amortisation of acquisition intangibles and fair value of foreign exchange derivatives less  tax at the effective rate, divided by fully diluted weighted average shares in issue. 4. Retail like for like sales are the retail sales made by Franchisee and Company owned stores that have traded continually  during FY16 and FY17 under the same ownership. 2 Conviviality Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Chairman’s Statement The culture we have created in the business and the structures that we operate give  us huge confidence for our future. Conviviality is a business whose strength lies in the combined skills and expertise  of the enlarged group, “One Conviviality”, a business where the whole is greater  than the sum of the parts and that has the firm foundations in place from which  to grow.  We look back on a year of unprecedented change politically and economically.  Our business has also undergone unprecedented change throughout the past  year. Following the acquisition of Matthew Clark on the 7th October 2015,  Conviviality acquired Bibendum PLB Group on 20th May 2016, creating a one  stop shop drinks solution for our customers and providing an opportunity to  undertake a single integration programme. This integration has resulted in a full  restructuring of the business, from a programme to generate significant buying  synergies, the development of one Group wine merchants   to hold a Royal  Warrant. 6 Conviviality Plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Chief Executive Officer’s statement When Conviviality floated on AIM in July 2013 the  business was an alcohol, impulse and tobacco wholesaler  serving the UK’s largest Franchise off-licence and  convenience brand, Bargain Booze, with 616 stores and  a turnover of £372m. During the past four years we have  systematically pursued the strategy of taking the core  competence of the business, the wholesaling of alcohol,  and extending Conviviality’s reach to more consumers  across the UK drinks market whenever and wherever  they wish to enjoy our products. We have fundamentally  restructured and reconfigured the Group, building  on our unique strength, expertise and reach in the UK  drinks market. We now have the infrastructure and  capability within the Group to drive further potential in  both the On Trade and the Off Trade markets, working  with our existing suppliers providing customers with  more opportunities to drive profitable growth.  Conviviality is unique in our sector. We provide our customers  with access to over 14,000 alcohol SKUs, and 6,400 impulse,  food and tobacco SKUs. We serve c.25,000 outlets in the  On Trade, over 700 retail stores trading under the retail  propositions of Bargain Booze, Select Convenience and Wine  Rack, over 400 independent specialists and we are supplier  to the larger multiples. A key part of our strategy is to deliver  a logistics capability that anticipates the future needs of our  customers and creates significant differentiation in the market,  thereby adding significant value to the organisation. As the  retail environment becomes more complex, we can leverage  Conviviality’s expertise in the alcohol and impulse markets to  provide our valued customers with the solutions they need  from distribution, to buying, ranging and merchandising and  marketing. As a result of this scale and reach we have unparalleled market  access, insight and capabilities to support our suppliers in  the development of their brands and to help our customers  differentiate from their competition by tailoring their offering  to meet their target consumer needs by location, venue and  format. Conviviality is independent of any major drinks brands  and therefore is able to supply an unrestricted selection of 