 03 Micro Focus International plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Executive Chairman’s statement  Our original four phase plan  Our new four phase plan  Phase 1:   Assessment Actions:  – Deliver plans for FY15  – Detailed review of  combined businesses  – Invigorate Product  Management Phase 2:   Integration Actions:  –Standardize systems  – Rationalize Properties  – Rationalize Legal entities  – New Go to Market  (“GTM”) model  – Maintain/improve cash  conversion  –Rationalize  underperforming  elements   – New market initiatives Phase 3:   Stabilization Actions:  – Stabilize top line  – Improve GTM productivity  – Growth from new areas  –Improved proﬁtability  –Standardize systems  – Rationalize Legal entities Phase 4:   Growth Actions:  –Top line growth  –Standardize systems  – Rationalize Legal entities Phase 1:   Assessment Actions:  – Deliver plans for FY17  – Detailed review of  combined businesses  – Invigorate Product  Management Phase 2:   Integration Actions:  –Standardize systems  – Rationalize Properties  – Rationalize Legal entities  – New Go to Market  (“GTM”) model  – Maintain/improve cash  conversion  –Rationalize  underperforming  elements   – New market initiatives Phase 3:   Stabilization Actions:  – Stabilize top line  – Improve GTM productivity  – Growth from new areas  –Improved proﬁtability  –Standardize systems  – Rationalize Legal entities  Phase 4:   Growth Actions:  –Top line growth  – Click and repeat! FY15 FY16 FY17 FY18 FY17 FY18 FY19 FY20 04 Micro Focus International plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Executive Chairman’s statement  continued Our Business Model – strong and established  technology franchises As the Linux market and Open Source business have unique characteristics,  we have a dedicated focus on the SUSE Product Portfolio. This focus is  essential if we are to capitalize on the growth potential of these offerings and  be responsive to the Open Source community and strong heritage of SUSE.  In 2017 we continued to increase the headcount dedicated to development,  customer care and sales and marketing of the SUSE Portfolio and made the  ﬁrst acquisitions in this product portfolio. This investment has delivered  revenue growth ahead of the market and so we will be further increasing  this investment in 2018. Micro Focus specializes in managing mature infrastructure software assets  which have been delivering value to signiﬁcant numbers of customers over  long periods of time. Our product portfolios have some or all of the  following attributes: 1. Broad based – covering all industrial sectors 2. Signiﬁcant numbers of customers 3. Signiﬁcant maintenance streams 4. Relatively high switching costs 5. Signiﬁcant market positions In any IT system the customers’ business logic and data remain critical to their  competitive advantage. The key is unlocking this competitive advantage  through exploitation of the latest technology innovation such as “OpenStack”,  “Software-deﬁned Distributed Storage”, “mobility”, “big data”, “virtualization” and  “cloud”. All of this needs to be done with the appropriate security to ensure  customer data, company data and intellectual property are protected at all  times. Typically customers would be forced into costly, disruptive and risky  change to make this possible but with Micro Focus, customers can take a  different approach that we characterize as bridging the old and the new.  We focus on Customer Centred Innovation that enables customers to exploit  new technologies without undue disruption. By enabling our customers to link their investments in established technology  with the latest innovation, Micro Focus helps customers gain incremental  returns on investments they have already made and to preserve and protect  their data and business logic. The most striking example of this is that an  application written in Micro Focus COBOL 40 years ago – before anyone had  thought of Linux, Windows, virtualization, cloud or wireless communications –  will work today in all of those environments. Micro Focus has made this a  reality. By contrast, if a COBOL application had been rewritten in another  language, to execute in Java or .NET the customer would have to undertake  additional incremental re-writes and incur signiﬁcant costs every time there  was a major technology change. Our acquisitions broaden the range and depth of our core infrastructure  software solutions and bring outstanding new capabilities in Linux, OpenStack  Cloud Infrastructure and security, the combination of which enables us to  further extend the philosophy of “bridging the old and the new” across much  more of our customer’s I.T. “footprint”. Overview Strategic report Corporate governance Consolidated ﬁnancial  statements and notes Company ﬁnancial  statements and notes Additional information 05 Micro Focus International plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Current portfolio – underpinning the business model with clear execution and investment discipline The typical stages of a product life cycle are from new product introduction through to high growth to broad adoption and maturity, to decline and  ultimately obsolescence. When considering investment priorities, both organic and inorganic, we evaluate our options against a set of characteristics mapped to each stage of this  adoption cycle enabling the categorization of our product portfolio into one of the four quadrants represented in the chart (FOUR-BOX MODEL). Portfolio management New Models Products or consumption models (cloud and subscription) that open new  opportunities could become growth drivers or represent emerging use  cases that we need to be able to embrace. Growth Drivers Products with consistent growth performance and market opportunity  to build the future revenue foundations of the Group. Optimize Products with declining revenue performance driven by the market or  execution where the trajectory must be corrected to move back to 51 Micro Focus International plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Executive Chairman’s introduction  Non-executive directors