 HIGHLIGHTS Navigating the Report For further information within this  document and relevant page numbers Additional information online About our non-GAAP measures and why we use them Throughout this report we refer to underlying results and measures. The underlying measures allow  management and other stakeholders to better compare the performance of the Group between the  current and prior period without the effects of one-off or non-operational items. Underlying measures exclude certain one-off items such as those arising due to restructuring activities and  recurring non-operational items, including certain intangible amortisation. Exceptional items are explained on page 115 and Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are  included on page 25. Northgate plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 April 2017 REVIEW 01 REVIEW 25361.02     13-6-17   Proof Four CHAIRMAN’S  STATEMENT Our core objective is to grow  shareholder value and we   will do this by developing a business  capable of delivering long term,  sustainable and growing cash flows,  achieved through a disciplined  approach to deployment of capital  and a rigorous focus on execution. 2017 has proved a challenging year for  Northgate with a number of factors  impacting the Group’s performance.  During the year it became increasingly  clear that, notwithstanding the competitive  environment within which Northgate  operates, there are significant opportunities  for our business which need to be developed  in a consistent and focused manner. Performance The Group’s underlying profit before tax was  £75m which represented a 10% decline on  the previous year’s £83m. The performance  of our UK business was disappointing with  underlying operating profits declining by  £11.5m which represented a fall of 21% on  the prior year. We have taken a number of  actions to address this and these are set out  in detail in the CEO’s report. Our Spanish  and Irish businesses performed well and  continue to make excellent progress with  good growth in vehicles on hire (“VOH”)  and with the potential for further growth  in VOH, revenues and profits. VOH grew  by 2,200 in Spain and Ireland; in the UK  there was a decline of 2,900 which was  particularly disappointing as we had  anticipated a steadily improving pick up  during the second half of the year.  Cash generation was strong with free cash  flow of £43m. This provides good scope   to further expand our business, including   our move into term hire, and also to return   cash to our shareholders in the form of  increasing dividends. Dividend The Group remains in a strong financial  position, with healthy cash generation and  a robust balance sheet. This underpins our  progressive dividend policy and the Board’s  continued confidence in the outlook for  the Group means we are proposing a full  year dividend of 17.3p, an increase of 8%  compared to the 2016 full year dividend of  16.0p. This means a final proposed dividend  of 11.6p (2016 – 10.9p).  This gives a full year dividend cover of 2.7x  on underlying earnings, in line with our  intention to keep cover in the range of   3.75x to 2.5x.  Board changes During the year we appointed Kevin  Bradshaw as our Group CEO. Kevin  has a background in both B2B and B2C  organisations and he has a strong track  record of developing businesses through  clear strategic direction with a focus on  consistent execution. He previously led Avis  UK and, more recently, was CEO of Wyevale  Garden Centres, with both businesses  enjoying strong profitable growth under   his leadership. ANDREW PAGE I CHAIRMAN Northgateplc.com    stock code: NTG 25361.02     13-6-17   Proof Four The way forward Our core objective is to grow shareholder  value and we will do this by developing a  business capable of delivering long term,  sustainable and growing cash flows,  achieved through a disciplined approach to  deployment of capital and a rigorous focus  on execution. Our touchstones will be cash  flow and returns on investment. There is significant potential for Northgate  with opportunities to develop the business  and grow revenues and profits. In several  areas of our business we need to do better,  with consistent and effective day to day  execution. There is good demand for our  14 Chief Executive Officer’s review 18 Financial review 26 Key Performance Indicators 28 Managing risk 34 Corporate social responsibility