 2 consortmedical.com  Stock Code: CSRT OUR BUSINESS Strategic Report CHAIRMAN’S LETTER Consort has delivered another  year of underlying growth and   further enhanced its margins. DR PETER FELLNER Consort Medical has delivered another  year of underlying growth and further  enhanced its margins. It has made great  progress in developing future growth  prospects with a strong development  portfolio and innovation pipeline. TRADING The Group’s revenue increased by  6.2% to £294.0m (FY2016: £276.9m) with  underlying sales growth delivered in  both divisions. Group EBIT before special  items increased by 8.3% to £40.0m  (FY2016: £37.0m) demonstrating good  operating leverage. Adjusted basic EPS  increased by 13.1% to 65.1p per share  (FY2016: 57.6p). EBITDA before special items grew by  9.1% to £52.7m (FY2016: £48.3m) and we  made further investment in the business  including £18.1m in capital expenditure  (FY2016: £21.5m).  We have continued to reduce gearing  in line with our expectations with a  year-end net debt of £92.6m (FY2016:  £97.0m), representing Net debt:EBITDA  of 1.7x. INNOVATION AND  DEVELOPMENT We were very pleased to see two  significant projects in our development  pipeline progress through to product  launches: the UCB Cimzia ®  AutoClicks ®   pre-filled pen in the UK will be Bespak’s  second injectable device to be  launched. We have also been awarded  a significant new multi-year agreement  for the scale-up and supply of our  proprietary pMDI valves and actuators  for the launch of AstraZeneca’s Bevespi  Aerosphere ®  in the United States. We continue to develop innovative  new platforms, including a further £3.1m  funding of Atlas Genetics point of care   test cartridge and leveraging our  combined capabilities across the Group  to identify and deliver new and ground- breaking solutions for our customers.  TOTAL   DIVIDEND OF  20.3p UP 5.1% 25378.04    19 July 2017 4:02 PM     Proof 5 CONSORT MEDICAL PLC  Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 April 2017  3 OUR BUSINESS Strategic Report BOARD CHANGES The Board appointed Paul Hayes as  the Group’s Chief Financial Officer  with effect from 1 May 2017. Paul is an  experienced CFO in multi-national high  technology manufacturing, consumer  goods and retail businesses. Paul was  previously the Group Finance Director  of Vitec Group plc for the last six years.  Paul is a Chartered Accountant and  has a first class Master’s degree in  Mechanical Engineering, Manufacture  and Management.  Paul replaced Richard Cotton who left  the Board on 13 December 2016. The  Board would like to thank Richard for his  contribution to the Group and wish him  well as he embarks on the next stage of  his career. The Board would also like to  thank David Tilston for acting as interim  CFO to ensure a smooth transition prior  to Paul’s arrival. PEOPLE I wish to thank our employees for their  contributions and commitment over the  last year, which has been important in  delivering the Company’s continued  growth. I also thank our shareholders for  their ongoing support of the Company. OUTLOOK Consort has again delivered further  growth in revenue and profit ahead  of its expectations with both divisions  performing well. Bespak has continued  to grow and develop its diverse pipeline  of product opportunities in this high  margin business. Aesica continues to  improve its operating performance and  its margins in line with our expectations  and assisted by 6 STRONG   MANAGEMENT TEAM Consort Medical’s management  team has executed successfully the  chosen strategy of sustained/diversified  organic growth, selective investments  and acquisitions, and operating  leverage. Consort Medical has been  transformed under this strategy, with the  Group strengthening its base of core  competencies and leveraging them in  strategic growth initiatives. The management team has significant  M&A experience, acquiring (in 2014)  and successfully integrating Aesica  into the Group; realising 19.0x EBITDA  for the King Systems disposal in 2013;  making key equity investments into Atlas  Genetics and Oxular; and acquiring,  and subsequently commercialising,  injectables technology through the  acquisition of The Medical House. 25378.04    19 July 2017 4:02 PM     Proof 5 6 consortmedical.com  Stock Code: CSRT OUR BUSINESS Strategic Report GROUP AT   A GLANCE SALES PRESENCE IN CHINA, INDIA,  JAPAN AND NORTH AND SOUTH AMERICA UK Cramlington (Aesica API) 1 Newcastle (Aesica Corporate) 2 Nelson (IAC) 3 Milton Keynes (Bespak manufacturing) 4 Hemel Hempstead (Consort HQ) 5 Queenborough (Aesica API/FDM/FDD) 6 Cambridge (Innovation Centre) 7 (FILL/FINISH) AESICA API AND FINISHED DOSE AESICA API AND FINISHED DOSE AESICA API AND FINISHED DOSE AESICA AND BESPAK CUSTOMER CUSTOMER BESPAK — DEVICES GROUP AESICA — DRUGS • A global market leader in the  development and manufacture  of drug delivery devices, serving  pharmaceutical companies  with inhaler, auto-injector,  nasal and ocular technologies  and development and  manufacturing services • Benchmark capabilities in the  manufacture of more than  500 million devices per year in  regulated markets • One of only a handful of  operators globally who have  the know-how and expertise to  consistently deliver above Six  Sigma quality for high volume  medical components and  devices   > The Group’s customers include  some of the world’s largest  pharmaceutical companies  > Significant product invention  and development resources  in R&D including a separate  Innovation team in Cambridge  > High barriers to entry: highly  embedded customer  relationships, intellectual  property, know-how, regulatory  approvals, manufacturing  complexity and economies   of scale