 2 | Annual report and accounts 2017 Chairman’s statement Bob Ivell Chairman Overview In a challenging year characterised by  both political and economic turbulence,  I am pleased to report that the Group  made good progress in implementing  the programme of strategic initiatives to  extend the appeal of the Carpetright brand  and to address the significant legacy  issues within its property estate. The  acceleration of the refurbishment  programme extended it to over 40% of  UK stores by year end, well ahead of the  original target, and is a great example of  the pace and energy the executive team  is bringing to these initiatives. Recent  evidence shows that retailers must adapt  to combat tougher trading conditions.   With this in mind, we know we  need to continue to innovate as we  strive to differentiate ourselves from  the competition. While there is much left to do, we made  tangible progress across the year in  key areas such as product offering,  promotional effectiveness, brand  perception, store standards and customer  service. The strategic update on pages  6 to 16 provides more details on our  progress against our plan. Results and dividend Total revenue for the year ended  29 April 2017 increased by 0.2% to  £457.6m (2016: £456.8m), reflecting  further store closures 3 www.carpetright.plc.uk | Our market Overview Our market is highly fragmented, with  approximately 4,000 floorcoverings  businesses. Current estimates place the  UK market at £2.0bn per annum for the  calendar year to December 2017, placing  ourselves as the market leader with a  share of around 20%. The nature of our product means that the  vast majority of customers prefer to visit  a store to make their purchase, to give  them the opportunity to see and touch  their choice of floorcovering. However,  the internet is playing an ever-increasing  role in pre-purchase behaviour, becoming  a vital research tool for many customers,  and the rapid growth of smart phone  and tablet use underlines the importance  of having an effective and integrated  digital proposition. Product ranges Whilst carpet remains the dominant  product category in floorcoverings, we  have historically over-indexed on carpet  product ranges relative to wider market  preferences.  We are redressing this  bias by substantially extending our offer  in the hard flooring area to better reflect  consumer tastes. In our UK business, beds provides an  important complementary revenue stream  to our core floorcoverings offer and we  believe this category has significant further  growth potential.  The total beds and  bedding market is estimated at £3.2bn  and our market penetration, whilst low,  is growing steadily as we establish our  credentials in this competitive sector. Macroeconomic indicators 10 | Annual report and accounts 2017 part of the customer journey, the fitting,  and that “ta da” moment, is going to  be carried out by carefully selected and  properly assessed trades people. ‘Who we  are’ also incorporates our new colleague  uniform which was successfully rolled out  last year to give teams a comfortable,  contemporary identity. It also covers our culture and the way  we train and talk with our colleagues.   To this end we have introduced ‘Fuse’,  which is a brand new internal training and  communications tool, built around a single  platform for mobile, social and programme  learning and development as well as  internal communications. The training  element covers everything from “the  basics”, through product knowledge,  as well as customer service and selling  skills. It is also a tool to encourage  ongoing management development and  Fuse will be at the heart of our launch of a  Carpetright Managers’ Academy in 2017. Video based communication offers a  much more dynamic live update for store  colleagues.  The ‘Staff Room’ element on  Fuse allows for open feedback from staff  that will help us improve, by being honest  and straightforward with each other and  accepting of constructive criticism. What we sell The floorcoverings market does not stand  still. Through market research we know  consumer tastes are changing and they  tell us what they want to buy 14 | Annual report and accounts 2017 The outlook for the UK  consumer looks more  uncertain – do the self-help  measures being taken have  enough potential for you to  drive improved performance  even if times in retail get  tougher? Undoubtedly – we cannot do anything  about the economy, what Government  in its infinite wisdom throws at us or  consumer confidence. By doing the things  within our control better, day-in day-out  we can take market share from our  competitors and that, in essence, is the  plan. I would not want to be a new entrant  in a market such as this. How are the rebranded/ refurbished stores performing  – are they meeting your  expectations? Great – we’re very pleased with their  performance. We discuss the numbers  in detail in my review but in summary  we are hitting our targets on sales and  return on investment. Clearly where we  are up against a new competitor that  refurbishment work is primarily focused  on mitigating the negative effect they can  have on us. Are you maintaining the sales  uplift as you work your way  through the estate? Carpetright has been in a nonsensical  situation where in too many locations  we had two Carpetright stores trading  within close proximity to each other –  total madness. Where we close one  store the model sees us lose the two 