 Company financial statements  108 Notes to the Company financial statements  110 INTRODUCTION At a glance We LOVE food at Premier Foods. We love how it brings people together and provides moments  of pleasure in a busy world. And so do our consumers. Many of our brands have been part of UK  life for more than a century, but we don’t let them stand still – we’re constantly innovating in line  with our purpose to create the food our nation loves most for modern life. And today you'll find  our brands in 95% of British households 1 . Our Business   We operate primarily in the ambient food sector which continues to be the largest sector within the  total £179.1bn 2  UK grocery market. Our Grocery business is responsible for developing our portfolio of  brands in four key categories: Flavourings & seasonings; Cooking sauces & accompaniments; Quick  meals & soups and Ambient desserts. Our Sweet Treats business is responsible for growing our brands  in the Ambient cakes category.  Category Our brands Our market  position Total 3   market  size Flavourings & seasonings Bisto, OXO, Paxo  No. 1 £476m Cooking sauces &  accompaniments Sharwood’s, Loyd Grossman, Homepride No. 1  £908m Quick meals & soups Batchelors, Smash No. 1 £383m Ambient desserts Ambrosia, Bird’s, Angel Delight, Mr Kipling, Cadbury No. 1 £374m Ambient cakes Mr Kipling, Cadbury, Lyons No. 1 £1,007m We also have a growing presence in the home-baking category with brands including our new   Paul Hollywood range of mixes. A great British food company As one of Britain’s biggest listed food companies  we’re committed to the UK, employing over 4,000  dedicated colleagues at 15 manufacturing sites  and offices up and down the country. More than  97% of what we sell is made in the UK from quality  ingredients, wherever we can sourced sustainably  from British suppliers and farmers. We’re also working  hard to expand internationally by finding new markets  for our brands around the world.   Expanding internationally Our International business is expanding rapidly.   We’re finding increasing consumer interest in our   Mr Kipling and Cadbury cake brands and Sharwood's  cooking sauces in a number of markets including  Australia, the USA and the Middle East. And we  continue to focus on building momentum closer   to home in Ireland.   Strategic partnerships  Since we entered into a co-operation agreement  with Nissin Foods in 2016 we've launched Batchelors  Super Noodles in a new pot format using Nissin’s  noodle technology and manufacturing expertise,  taken on distribution of Nissin’s Soba brand of  noodles in the UK and we’re now working with Nissin  to expand international opportunities for our brands  using Nissin’s global network. In May 2017, we signed a non-binding Heads of  Terms with Mondelez International for a Strategic  Global Partnership for Cadbury cake. Once finalised,  this agreement will extend the Group's long-standing  partnership for at least another five years and be  expanded to cover a total of 46 countries with the  potential to use additional brands. Our key customers are the major UK supermarkets but we also serve a wide  range of other channels including: discounters; convenience stores; online;  wholesale and food service. UK grocery channel value 2  Hypermarkets: £16.5bn  Supermarkets: £86.6bn  Convenience: £37.5bn  Discounters: £17.9bn  Online: £10.5bn  Other retailers: £10.0bn 1. Kantar Worldpanel Total Market Penetration for the 52 weeks to 26 March 2017.  2. Institute of Grocery Distribution, UK Grocery June 2016.  3. Kantar Worldpanel Total Market for the 52 weeks to 26 March 2017,   Total Consumer Spend. Premier Foods plc Annual report for the 52 week period ended 1 April 2017 02 INTRODUCTION Chairman's statement Dear shareholder,  2016/17 was a challenging year for the food industry  generally and for the categories in which we operate.    As a consequence, we announced in January 2017,  that our financial results would be below expectation.  However, management have moved quickly to adapt  to the changing environment and refine our strategy to  deliver more balanced progress in terms of revenue,  cost efficiency and cash generation in the future. Performance over the year Group underlying sales for the financial period   were £790.4m (-1.4%) and underlying Trading profit  was £117.0m (-9.3%). Our performance was impacted  by a change in retailer promotional strategies which  reduced category volumes, a time lag in recovering  input cost inflation and a period of warmer than   usual weather which impacted Grocery in the   second quarter. We did nevertheless manage to grow market share  for most of our core brands during the year and our  products to meet  consumers’ needs • Excellent operational capability • Ability to manufactur e a diverse  range of pr oducts and format s • Experienced and dedicated  workforce Operations We create the  food the nation  loves most for  modern life STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executive's review It’s difficult to remember a year when there’s been  as much change in the food market as we’ve seen  in the last twelve months. The rapid switch from  food price deflation to inflation, changing retailer  promotional strategies and the surprise result of the  EU referendum have all combined to make this past  year a difficult one, not only for Premier Foods but  right across the UK food and drink industry. Like others, our results have been adversely affected  although I’m encouraged that we still out-performed  the majority of our peer group, particularly in the  latter half of the year.  Fundamentally we’re doing the right things and our 