 04 Safety   Read more about our strategy on   pages 12 to 23 Our strategy Our strategy focusses on three fundamental themes:    Providing a first class customer experience so that  everything we do is focussed on the customer   Innovating and doing things differently, and better  than our competitors   Cultivating strong client relationships Underpinning these is our commitment to keeping   our people and customers safe, and creating a culture  in which all staff are empowered to make appropriate  decisions. l ocation S 210 employee S 3,745 l aRge St hi Re fleet  and a SSet b Readth  and depth in the  indu St Ry Safe St hi Re pRovide R   in the indu St Ry  ba Sed on accident  and injuR y Rate S Delivering our strategy 04 Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 CHAIRmAn’S St AtE mEnt Solid platform   for the future Overview  I am pleased to report that the actions  undertaken by management have  enabled us to report substantially  improved results; revenue and profits  have increased, the hire fleet has been  reduced, utilisation rates increased, and  net debt 1  has fallen significantly. The  business has been stabilised and we have  created a solid platform for the future. Having previously identified the  underlying issues that had affected  the Group’s performance last year,  management has improved engineering  efficiency, addressed equipment  availability, structured the sales force   to ensure that we address large and SME  customers alike, embedded ownership  and accountability at a regional level,  and invested in upgrades to our IT and  management information systems; all  of which have led to improved business  performance. Customer focussed initiatives were  launched to improve responsiveness  and service levels, including customer  surveys, and these have also made  a major contribution to our strong  performance.  “  I am pleased to report that the  actions undertaken by management  have enabled us to report  substantially improved results.” Jan Åstrand Chairman Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Corporate Information Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 05 Results overview Revenue increased to £369.4m (2016:  £329.1m), following actions to better  address the SME market and improve   non-hire revenues. Overhead costs have  been tightly controlled with further  savings realised during the year, partially  offset by bonuses payable due to the  good results.  The hire fleet reduced by 11.4% to  £194.8m as a result of targeted disposals  and improved asset utilisation, whilst   net debt 1  fell significantly to £71.4m  (2016: £102.6m). Return on capital  employed 2 , a key measure, increased   by 140.6% to 7.7%; excluding disposals  ROCE 2  was Chairman 06 Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 CHIEF ExECut IvE’S REvIEW Overview I am pleased to report that our financial  and operational performance has  improved significantly this year.  These results reflect the benefits  which have been realised following  implementation of the recovery plan that  was put in place last financial year. The  recovery plan is now complete and with  the business stabilised, revenue growing,  a lower cost and asset base, improved  systems and management information,  we have a strong platform for future  profitable growth. Results Revenue increased by 12.2% to  £369.4m (2016: £329.1m). During the  year we have improved the customer  experience, increased asset availability  and restructured our sales activities. On  a constant currency basis, and excluding  the impact of planned disposals, revenue  increased by 6.7%. In the second half of  the year core hire revenue was stronger  despite the disposal of hire assets and  the consequent transfer of revenues to  partnered services. Secondary revenues,  including training and consumable sales,  increased strongly. Gross margins declined primarily as a  result of the revenue mix, which included  an increase in lower margin partnered  services and disposal revenues as we  optimised our hire fleet. Overhead  costs were tightly controlled during the  year, with the UK regional operations  restructured into two divisions in order  to increase efficiency and reduce costs.  Adjusted profit before tax  1  increased  by 224.0% to £16.2m (2016: £5.0m)  benefitting from lower interest costs  due to the lower net debt  2 , and an  improved performance from joint venture  operations. Profit before tax was £14.4m  (2016: loss £57.6m). The prior year result  was affected by the write off of goodwill  and exceptional costs. Adjusted earnings  per share  3  increased to 2.44 pence   (2016: 0.79 pence).  We continue to focus  on our customers’  experience  “ t he recovery plan is now complete  and with the business stabilised,  revenue growing, a lower cost   and asset base, improved systems   and management information,   we have a strong platform for future  profitable growth.” Russell Down Chief Executive Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Corporate Information Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 07 Strategy Speedy provide safe and reliable hire  equipment and services to enable the  successful delivery of customer projects.  Approximately 60% of our revenues  are derived from products we own and  hire out to customers. The remainder of  our revenues come from our partnered  services division, where we re-hire  equipment from other providers in  order to meet customer demand, and  secondary revenues such as transport,  consumables, fuel, inspection and  training. Our customers range from large  multinational corporations,