 Page 04 Chairman’s statement Good progress in converged  communications in Europe Europe remains our single biggest market  and investment area and is at the heart  of our “Gigabit Vodafone” converged  communications strategy. Building on the  success of Project Spring we continue to invest  in network quality and customer experience,  driving subscriber growth across mobile,  broadband and TV. We are making good  progress in our major markets, Germany, Italy  and Spain, while in the UK our priority, for the  moment, has to be on getting the basics right  again. The completion of our merger in the  Netherlands with Ziggo is another big step  forward for our convergence strategy. In order to enable an adequate return on the  massive investments that will be required  to provide Europe with the infrastructure  required for a competitive economy in the  age of digitalisation, a predictable regulatory  framework is required that supports both  investment and competition. In this regard  we are encouraged by the European  Commission’s (‘EC’) revised European  Framework Review for Telecoms. In particular,  the focus on passive infrastructure remedies  and co-building arrangements, which have  proven so successful in Spain and Portugal,  is encouraging, as is the proposal to extend  spectrum licence terms to at least 25 years.  As the negotiations on the revised Framework  enter a critical phase, we need to ensure  that these well-balanced proposals are not  diluted – both to avoid future incumbent  re-monopolisation risks, and to pave the way  for competitive investment in Europe’s future. Driving consolidation in India;  strengthening leadership  in Africa It has been a turbulent year in India. The launch  of free services by a new entrant has disrupted  an already hypercompetitive market and  clouded the near and medium-term outlook  for the industry. As a consequence Vodafone  decided to stop the IPO process and instead  look for in-market consolidation options. At a glance  Our wide range of products and services What we offer  We offer a broad range of communication services. We believe  the future lies in providing a unified experience to our customers  combining mobile, fixed and other services, which we are well  positioned to deliver. 65% Consumer Mobile We provide a range of mobile services, enabling customers  to call, text and access the internet, stream music and watch  videos whether at home or travelling abroad. Fixed voice, broadband and TV We have continued to diversify and expand our fixed services  including voice, broadband and TV offerings. Financial services and other value  added services We provide mobile money services through our M-Pesa  offerings and value added services including security and  insurance products. 30% Enterprise Total communications We offer mobile, fixed and a suite of converged  communication services to support the needs of our  enterprise customers, who range from small businesses  to large multinational companies. Internet of Things (‘IoT’) IoT connections allow machines and other things to   communicate with one another through our network.  Our service offerings are diverse, spanning smart metering,  automotive applications and health solutions. Cloud & Hosting  Our Cloud & Hosting portfolio includes a range of IT solutions  for Enterprise customers, spanning co-location, managed  hosting and network connected cloud services. Carrier Services We sell capacity on our global submarine network and our  terrestrial fibre systems. We also offer international voice,  IP transit and secure international lines. 5% Other We rent capacity to mobile virtual network operators  (‘MVNOs’). We also offer a variety of our services  to operators outside our footprint through our partner  market agreements. Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report 2017 08 Split of   service   revenue 76% Mobile service revenue 24% Fixed service revenue 1 7.9m 2 Source: Vodafone data. Chief Executive’s strategic review Review of the year Vodafone’s transformation into a leading  converged operator in our developed markets  made further progress this year, while long- lasting tailwinds from rising smartphone  penetration and data services adoption drove  growth in our emerging markets. This was  supported by our strategic differentiators –  Network Leadership, Customer eXperience  eXcellence, and outstanding people –  together with improved cost efficiency.  Overall, I am pleased to report that the  Group’s commercial and financial performance  has further improved, although on a reported  basis this was masked by currency headwinds. Network Leadership:   building a “Gigabit Vodafone” After the large investments made during  Project Spring, this year our capital spending,  measured as a percentage of our revenues,  returned to a sustainable “mid-teens” level.  Even so, we continued to record improved  mobile network performance relative  to smaller competitors in almost all of our  markets. This performance gap is critical,  as by providing a differentiated experience  to our customers we can justify a price  premium relative to discounters. We now have  the leading or co-leading data network in 14  out of the 21 markets in which independent  tests are available, and all 21 for voice. We aim to improve our customers’ experience  even further with the introduction of “Gigabit  LTE” – also sometimes described as “ 4G+”  – in the coming years. In addition, we will  upgrade our cable and fibre next-generation  networks (which now pass 36 million   homes, including the VodafoneZiggo JV in   the Netherlands) to provide gigabit speeds,  differentiating our services from those  provided by copper-based incumbents. Customer eXperience  eXcellence: our formula   for differentiation Providing an outstanding customer experience  is critical if we are to capitalise fully on our  network advantage.  We aim to ensure that all of