 2 Strategic report QinetiQ Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Revenue £169.6m 2016: £139.3m 41% 33% 15% 11%  QinetiQ North America  EMEA Products  OptaSense  Space Products Global Products Delivers innovative solutions and products  to meet customer requirements. Undertakes  contract-funded research and development,  developing intellectual property in  partnership with key customers and  through internal funding with potential  for new revenue streams. EMEA Services £613.5m FY17 annual revenue 5,301 FY17 total employees Global Products £169.6m FY17 annual revenue 853 FY17 total employees QinetiQ North America What we do Develop and manufacture innovative defence  products specialising in unmanned systems,  survivability and maritime systems, along with  products in related commercial markets. Revenue c. £70m Key sites Waltham, Massachusetts; Pittsburgh,  Pennsylvania; and Virginia, USA.  OptaSense What we do Provide innovative fibre sensing solutions   to deliver decision-ready data in multiple  vertical markets. Revenue c. £25m Key sites Farnborough, Winfrith, Portishead, UK;  Houston, USA; Calgary, Canada and  Dubai, UAE.  Space Products What we do Provide small satellites, payload instruments,  sub-systems and ground station services. Revenue c. £20m Key sites Farnborough, UK and Antwerp, Belgium.  EMEA Products What we do Provide research services and bespoke  technological solutions developed from  intellectual property spun out from EMEA  Services. QinetiQ Target Systems is reported  in EMEA Products. Revenue c. £55m Key sites Farnborough, Malvern, Haslar and Ashford,  UK and Medicine Hat, Canada.  3 QinetiQ Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report | At a glance Chairman’s statement The expertise of our people is in high  demand as customers look for innovative  ways to defeat new threats to security.  “Achieving our ambition of  becoming the chosen partner  requires a relentless focus  on meeting the needs of our  customers both in our 4 Strategic report QinetiQ Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategy Over the last 18 months, Steve and his executive team  led an Integrated Strategic Business Planning process,  which was thoroughly discussed in a two-day meeting  with the Board. In addition to this active involvement  in the development of future strategy, the Board  also ensures the effective scrutiny of mergers and  acquisitions. In FY17, the Group completed the purchase  of two businesses to support our strategy, Meggitt  Target Systems in the UK and Canada, and RubiKon  Group in Australia, its first significant acquisitions since  2008. I would like to add my personal welcome to the  employees of these two companies and wish them  many rewarding years as part of the QinetiQ Group.  With a significant amount of activity under way to drive  growth in the UK, in international markets and through  innovation, the Board is undertaking ‘deep dives’ into  a number of topics to monitor delivery of the strategy.  These deep dives are scheduled throughout the year  with relevant members of QinetiQ’s executive team  and papers are submitted in advance so the focus  is on two-way discussion rather than presentations.  Topics scheduled for FY18 include those related to  our strategic priorities, progress of the transformation  of the Company, and focus on our key stakeholders  – customers, employees and shareholders.  Governance In addition to the implementation of the Group’s strategy  for sustainable growth, an ongoing priority for the Board  is strong governance and the effective stewardship of  the Company. During the year, Board members visited  a number of sites including QinetiQ North America  in Waltham, MA, and MOD Boscombe Down, where  a number of activities associated with the Group’s  strategic priority to modernise UK test and evaluation  are currently under way. These visits provided the  opportunity to see at first-hand how we are  implementing strategy and managing 6 Strategic report QinetiQ Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 The objective of this vision is to deliver future military  capability for the next decade and beyond, addressing  current and emerging threats. This will provide a platform  for growth in the UK T&E market, which we estimate to  be double that which we currently access, and improve  our ability to win work with customers outside the UK. International At the beginning of FY17, we established an International  business focused on developing and securing growth  opportunities in prioritised territories around the world.  This new International business has been established  as an ‘enabler’ for the Group, bringing greater coherence  and focus to our activities internationally in relation to  both organic and inorganic efforts, and encouraging  a more global mind-set.  In December 2016 we acquired Meggitt’s Target Systems  business, now renamed QinetiQ Target Systems (QTS),  both to reinforce our core T&E value proposition and  accelerate the delivery of our strategic priority to drive  international growth. The business generates 90% of its  revenues from outside the UK and is well aligned with  our capabilities in the management of complex exercises  and provision of test, evaluation and training services,  thus expanding our core capability overseas. We are now  uniquely placed to meet growing demand for mid- and  high-fidelity targets to test defence capabilities against  a greater diversity of threats. The acquisition also opens  up new routes to market to promote our wider service  offerings to QTS’s international customer base. A key element of our international strategy is to build  our presence and capability in our home markets  outside the UK, notably the US and Australia. QinetiQ  North America delivered very good orders and revenue  performance in FY17. With growing defence ambitions  and close to the rapidly evolving Asia Pacific region,  Australia is a particularly attractive market and our  business there