 HIGHLIGHTS   For a full list of KPIs  see pages 14-15   For financial results   see pages 24-29   For dividend information  see page 31 Operational highlights  – IGBB sold for £1.3 billion  – Revenue from continuing operations   increased by 18% to £543 million   (2015/16: £460 million), an increase   of 8% on a constant currency basis   – Trading operating profit from continuing   operations increased by 4% to £145 million   (2015/16: £139 million), an increase of 12%   excluding the impact from hedging  – Trading EPS (basic) from continuing   operations is marginally down at 23.2p   per share (2015/16: 23.6p per share)  – Trading EPS (basic) including discontinued   operations is marginally down at 42.9p per   share. On a like-for-like basis trading EPS   (basic) increased by 22%  – Final dividend payment unchanged at 27 .0p   per share; full-year dividend unchanged at   38.5p per share  – Annual cost savings identified of   approximately £25 million by 2019/20 will be   offset by incremental investment for growth  Unless specifically stated all references are to continuing operations. REVENUE  £543m TRADING PROFIT  BEFORE TAX £114m TRADING EPS (BASIC) 23.2p FULL-YEAR DIVIDEND  PER SHARE 38.5p TRADING OPERATING  PROFIT £145m PROFIT BEFORE TAX  £120m TRADING EPS (BASIC)  (including discontinued) 42.9p NEX Group plc is incorporated as a public limited company  and is registered in England and Wales with the registered  number 10013770. NEX Group plc’s registered office is   2 Broadgate, London EC2M 7UR. The directors present the  Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2017. References  to ‘NEX’, the ‘Group’, the ‘Company’, ‘we’, or ‘our’ are to NEX  Group plc and its subsidiary companies where appropriate.  Pages 1 to 78 inclusive of this Annual Report comprise the  strategic report, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW CONTINUED Our move towards the consolidated infrastructure  and interface of NEX Infinity with its unified sales and  support environment that caters for both sell- and  buy-side as well as major corporates will provide us  with enormous opportunities. As part of this consolidation process we are aligning our  structure with that of our clients, allowing them a clear,  NEX business-agnostic view of our full suite of products  and services.   “ The transformation of the Group  into a focused financial technology  company and our continued  investment in new product and  service offerings will result in   long-term growth.” Single legal agreements and a single interface will  further simplify our clients’ ability to pick and choose  multiple products either individually or in combination  based on their requirements and not our own   corporate structure.  An example of this is NEX Regulatory Reporting.  Launched in March, this combines a suite of best-in- breed services provided by multiple NEX Optimisation  businesses under a single umbrella to offer our clients  an extremely powerful and fully resilient cross-asset  and cross-jurisdictional regulatory reporting solution. At the beginning of the year we acquired ENSO Financial  Analytics. We have been and continue to be impressed  by ENSO, who have demonstrated the ability to build  a hedge fund client base to which they deliver an  expanding and well-regarded product set. In October  we completed our acquisition of Abide Financial. Since  Abide first came to our attention, we knew it was a  business which fitted perfectly with our strategy to   serve our clients’ changing needs. It is one of a very  small number of companies who offer holistic regulatory  reporting services, which will become ever more critical  as financial markets evolve. During the period we also invested in RSRCHXchange, CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Leadership During the year, the board undertook a detailed review of  its composition, skills and experience in order to ensure  that it is made up of members with the experience to  challenge and contribute to NEX’s vision. As a result of  this review, I am delighted that Anna Ewing will be  joining the board of NEX as a non-executive director in  May. Having previously worked for Nasdaq and Merrill  Lynch, she brings significant technology and operations  experience to NEX which I am confident will support   our development and growth as a financial technology  company. We look forward to working with Anna. In  accordance with the articles of association of NEX, she   is expected to stand for appointment at the annual  general meeting in July. John Sievwright was appointed to the board in July   2009 and has been Chairman of the Audit and Risk  Committees and the senior independent director for  much of this time. With John’s length of service reaching  nine years in July 2018, we are seeking to appoint a  non-executive with the appropriate experience to take  over, in due course, the chairs of both the Audit and  Risk Committees. Dear shareholders, It is with great pleasure that I am introducing the first  corporate governance statement and directors’ report  as Chairman of NEX. During the year, the focus for the  board and senior management was, to a very large  extent, on ensuring a successful completion of the  Transaction with TP ICAP. This was complex and took  longer than anticipated and consumed a great deal of  the board and senior management’s time. The result,  with completion at the end of December 2016, was a  very good outcome for shareholders.  This focus led to the deferment of a number of other  strategic priorities which had previously been identified