 a year o ur retail markets Dairy Crest Annual Report 2017 3 Strategic report Cheese & functional ingredients 63% Revenue Contribution to Group: % of total Group. Revenue excludes other revenue. Proﬁt is product group proﬁt excluding share of associates. Market share source: IRI 52 weeks ended 25 March 2017. Proﬁt Revenue 37% 37% Proﬁt 14% Market share  Retail butter  and spreads Market share Retail branded  everyday cheese 54% 63% Dairy Crest produces and markets Cathedral City, the UK’s leading  cheese brand, and the premium Davidstow cheddar brand. Our  world-class supply chain starts with milk supplied by 360 farmers in  the dairying heartlands of Cornwall and Devon. This top quality milk  is made into cheddar cheese at our highly-automated creamery  in Davidstow, Cornwall. The cheese then matures for on average  nearly a year at our purpose-built Nuneaton facility before being cut,  packed and distributed. We have a second packing site in Frome,  Somerset, for more complex and innovative packaging.  Whey is a by-product of the cheese making process. Our   new facility at Davidstow produces demineralised whey and  galacto-oligosaccharide (‘GOS’), a lactose based prebiotic, which  are both ingredients for infant formula, a high-growth, high-margin  global market.  Highlights •  Cathedral City is Britain’s largest cheese brand, 18th largest  grocery brand and 7th largest online grocery brand •  Cathedral City is now bought by nearly 55% of UK households  each year •  Cathedral City has been re-launched with new and improved  packaging design across the range •  100% of our milk comes from dedicated farmers in the South  West of England •  Production and sales of demineralised whey and GOS   are underway Dairy Crest manufactures a number of leading butters, spreads   & oil brands in the UK. in the year ended 31 march 2017 8 Dairy Crest Annual Report 2017 CHAirmAn’S STATemenT r eview of the year This year we have delivered a set of results which demonstrate  the underlying robustness of our business. Adjusted profit before  tax has increased by 5% to £60.6 million and profit margins have  increased to 16.4%. This performance has been delivered despite  a highly volatile background in global dairy markets.  In the first half of the year, milk volumes were strong across  the UK and falling milk and cream prices reflected this. However,  after two years of pronounced deflation, UK and global dairy  markets strengthened in the second half of the year as supply fell.  In this environment, we increased the price we pay our farmers for  milk by 38% between the summer of 2016 and March 2017. The  impact on cream prices was even more pronounced and butter  input costs doubled in the second half of 2016. Despite this background, we increased profits and delivered  a strong branded performance, especially across our butters,  spreads and oils portfolio. Furthermore, 2016/17 saw the start  of demineralised whey and GOS production at our Davidstow  creamery. Sales of functional ingredients represent an important  future growth opportunity for the business.  Developing brands Developing brands is at the heart of our business and 2016/17  saw good progress across our portfolio. Cathedral City, Clover  and Frylight have each benefited from refreshed packaging during  the last 12 months and the level of overall marketing activity was  increased compared to the prior year. We aired two new TV  advertisements for Cathedral City and Frylight and supported  a significant programme of consumer-facing and in-store  advertising, and promotional activity across our key brands. innovation at the core  I am delighted that our success in innovation and product  development was recognised this year. Clover won the spreads  category ‘Product of the Year 2017’ 17 May 2017 Dairy Crest Annual Report 2017 9 Strategic report •   Adjusted profit before tax up 5% to  £60.6m •   Cathedral City returns to volume growth   in the second half •   Frylight, Clover and Country Life  spreadable all grow volume and increase  market share •   Demineralised whey production meets  targeted levels of infant formula grade •   Partnerships with DuPont and others to  research GOS usage in animal nutrition –  trials underway •   Innovation – proportion of sales from  recently launched products now 13%,   well above target •   Net debt increased as expected due   to completion of Davidstow  commissioning and final payment to  Müller on sale of Dairies business •   Proposed final dividend up 1.9% to   16.3 pence  Highlights Summary: margin improvement despite deflation Dairy Crest has implemented significant changes during the last  two years. We are a much leaner, more focused organisation that  makes predominantly branded and high value-added products.  This allows management and the business to focus on those  areas that will drive long-term value creation: innovation, brand  building, efficiency improvements and cost reduction.  I am particularly pleased that overall margins in the business  have improved. This is despite the difficult input cost environment  and the longer than expected commissioning period of the new  functional ingredients facility at Davidstow. The strength of our  brands, our well-invested supply chain and the quality of our  people all ensure that the Company is well positioned for the  future. This will help us to maintain our strong track record of  rewarding shareholders with higher dividends. market background: the return of inflation We are a major UK buyer of milk and last year we purchased  around 500 million litres. The past year has seen a turning  point in dairy prices. After a prolonged period of deflation, dairy 