 130  Notes to the financial  statements 158  Independent Auditors’  Report to the Members  of Workspace Group PLC  (Parent Company) 159  Parent Company  balance sheet 160  Parent Company  statement of changes  in equity 161  Notes to the Parent  Company financial  statements Additional Information 164 Five-year performance 164 Performance metrics 165 Property portfolio 2017 167 Glossary of terms 168 Investor information IBC Workspace Group online 2017 performance highlights  +1 6 % Trading profit after interest.* Wi-Fi infrastructure installed at 16 of our centres.  20,000 Users on our managed Wi-Fi infrastructure  installed at 16 of our centres.  79 InspiresMe students given work  experience placements.  £3 1,489 Raised by Workspace staff and customers  for charity.  1,187 Customer lettings.  1 80 Customer events.  889 Employee training days.  0.85m+ Hits on our customer website. 14 Workspace Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Our business model What we need to be able  to create value Workspace has a number of  key resources and relationships  that enable us to do business  and deliver value to all our  stakeholders.    For more on our resources  and relationships, see pages  26 to 31. Add value to our properties We own all our properties  and operate them to generate  income over the long term.  We have a strong pipeline  of refurbishment and  redevelopment projects  and will also take advantage  of acquisition opportunities  to further grow the business.    For more on how we  have added value to our  properties over the last year,  turn to our Business Review  on pages 41 to 47. Financial strength  Strong cash flow and prudent  balance sheet management  allow us to execute our strategy. The right people Workspace employees have a  customer-first mentality and  specialist expertise in their fields. Our properties We have a portfolio of high  quality, well-located assets  in London. Market insight Our 30-year history provides  deep knowledge of London  real estate and customer insight. Sustainable approach We work hard to improve our  practices internally and actively  encourage contractors and  customers to do the same. A thriving community Our success is dependent on  the strong relationships we build  with our customers, suppliers  and partners and our local  communities. Acquisition and ongoing  ownership of freehold Workspace acquires the freehold  of properties across London.  Owning the freehold enables  us to constantly upgrade and  transform our properties to  increase their value and drive  rental growth. We will dispose of  properties where we believe we  can no longer add value or if the  property falls below our robust  return targets. We reposition We carry out light internal  refurbishments to enhance both  pricing and property values. We refurbish We have a rolling programme  of refurbishments to upgrade or  expand our existing properties  and grow our footprint in  London. We redevelop We generate value through  intensifying use at existing  sites, often creating brand new  business centres in partnership  with residential developers. Centre Managers Our Centre Managers play a crucial  role in building a community in our  business centres, this year hosting  180 customer events. Clerkenwell Workshops We are carrying out refurbishment  works, upgrading both the internal  and external breakout spaces. 1. 2. Key inputs How we create  and capture value Overview Our Governance Strategic Report Financial Statements Additional Information 15 Workspace Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Creating value for  all stakeholders In executing our strategy,  we aim to generate positive  outcomes for all our  stakeholders.    For more on how we protect  our resources and build  mutually beneficial  relationships, see pages  26 to 31.   For more on dividend growth,  turn to our Business Review  on pages 41 to 47. Adding value for  our customers Workspace markets to all kinds  of businesses across London  and our unique customer offer  is a key differentiator. The  Workspace Advantage has  three core elements.   For more information on the  Workspace Advantage, see  pages 7 to 13. Investors Sustainable operating income  and capital value enhancement  driven by rental growth has lead  to a 40% dividend increase and  NAV growth of 3% in the year. People We are committed to the  constant development of our  people to ensure that we attract,  motivate and retain talented and  ambitious individuals.  Customers Direct contact ensures better  understanding of our customers,  allowing us to meet their needs.  Suppliers and partners We carefully select partners who  add value to our customer offer,  while they benefit from building  relationships with London’s  business community. Communities We play a strong and  responsible role in our local  communities who benefit from  our desire to ‘do the right thing’. Connectivity Workspace invests in  state-of-the-art technology  infrastructure to ensure  customers can work how  and where they want. Personalisation There are no constraints placed  on our customers, with flexible  lease terms, a range of spaces  and secure, unlimited data  downloads and uploads. Communities Workspace customers are  connected to each other via  a range of networking and  business insight events run  by our Centre Managers.  Being part of a neighbourhood  community provides a range of  benefits, from social connections  to insights that support  business growth. Partners that add value Alongside Excell, our preferred digital  partner, we are constantly investing  in our infrastructure to deliver award