 Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 03 02  Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 StRA te GIC RePo Rt eu Ro Pe’S le ADING  ReGIo NAl AIR l INe o n course for a sustainable future At a glance Key figures for 2016/17 2,388 employees 8.8m passengers 199 scheduled routes 83 aircraft 64 scheduled destinations Flybe UK After resolving the major legacy  issues, we can now focus all of our  resources on growing a sustainable  regional airline.  t his year we served more  passengers – 8.8 million in total.  And we got them to their final  destination on time more often.  For the second year running, Flybe  was named the u K’s most punctual  airline and ranked sixth worldwide.  Capacity was higher than we  would have liked, therefore  this has been deployed on  33 new scheduled routes and  we have increased frequency  on existing routes. We reached  64 scheduled destinations  in 12 different countries.  We reviewed and optimised  our franchise partnerships. We  10  Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 Strategic r eport Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 11 Chairman’s statement Flybe needed a new way forward and a different culture Since the start of the turnaround in 2013, much has  been achieved. However, the market remains highly  competitive and the results of the turnaround need  to be assessed against this background. t he business  has succeeded in managing great change, in focusing  the business into being a regional airline, fulfilling the  needs of regional customers and competing on thin  routes. We compete with all forms of transport – road,  rail and ferry – as well as other airlines with 18.9% of  our routes having a direct airline competitor. Consumer demand has continued to be fragile,  subdued by tragic events in Paris in November 2015  and brussels in March 2016; and then by uncertainty  arising from the brexit vote in June 2016. Despite  this backdrop, our continued growth in fleet size, the  result of an aircraft order placed at the time of the  IPo in 2010, forced us to grow the route network with  new routes being launched, principally to utilise the  aircraft we had. t he result has been lower load factors  and yields. t he board took the view last Autumn that much of  the initial turnaround had been completed and that  the Company needed a fresh look at its future and a  different culture. As the historic aircraft order works its  way out, this Summer will see the size of the fleet peak.  From the Autumn, the fleet will reduce in number, as  six end-of-lease handbacks will be returned to lessors.  t his gives us the opportunity to refocus the business  on truly profitable routes and being really   customer-orientated.  becoming truly customer-focused is an essential part of  our strategy. t he board decided that the ‘command and  control’ culture that had been prevalent in Flybe had to  change. We need to listen more to our customers, and  importantly listen to our own employees who work with  customers every day. Communication needs to flow  up the organisation from customers and employees,  as much as flow down from senior executives. Flybe  needed a new way forward and a 14  Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 Strategic r eport Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 15 Implementing a clear strategy is about returning to  the core of what really works for the airline. We will  make Flybe a sustainable business that operates the  best routes and at the best times to suit the needs  of our customers. We will stay true to our mission  to connect people and businesses with safe, reliable  and affordable travel. Flybe is a regional airline with 53.7% of the u K  domestic flights outside of l ondon, connecting people  and regions with one another throughout the u K and  to and from Continental europe, for both business and  leisure. In many markets, we provide a true ‘lifeline’  transport service. We must fly the right routes, at  the right times of the day and at the right times of the  week according to the demands of the market. o ur top  eight departure points are all in the u K and represent  62.2% of our customers, and our top four represent  42.9% with birmingham, Manchester, belfast City and  Southampton leading the way. o ur strength is not only in the point-to-point network  but also in the connection opportunities for regions  via Manchester, birmingham and now l ondon  Heathrow with our increasing number of partners. o ur maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRo ) business,  Flybe Aviation Services, and our t raining Academy  are core to our success. t hese two distinct but key  support areas, with their own expertise, need to be  managed effectively to support the future profitability  of the Group. l ooking beyond the u K at this stage it is neither the  right moment, nor do the markets currently support,  an expansion of intra-european activity (leaving aside  brexit uncertainty). Flybe has achieved many significant changes: a capital  raise, a relaunched brand, the cessation of the Finland  joint venture, the strategic project addressing legacy  fleet issues and a strong cost-conscious culture was  introduced to drive effective unit cost reductions.  Despite the substantial progress in reducing the  size of legacy fleet orders in 2015/16, Flybe has still  seen significant capacity growth in a market where