 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS +12.7% Revenue increased by 12.7%   to £822.0m (FY16: £729.2m) £15.7m Profit before taxation and  exceptional items (FY16: £18.2m) 12.7p Adjusted basic earnings   per share (FY16: 14.7p) £13.6m Cash flow from operations before  exceptional items (FY16: £19.5m) £11.7m Profit before tax (PBT)  (FY16: £16.9m) 4.23p 1.33p interim dividend paid,   2.90p final dividend proposed Motorpoint Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 7 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT The Company’s dedication   to offering Choice, Value   and Service will ensure that  Motorpoint remains   the Car Buyer’s Champion. MARK MORRIS NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN Trading and Financial Performance Following our successful admission to the  London Stock Exchange in May 2016, our  trading and financial performance in the  weeks around the UK Referendum on EU  membership and in the months that followed  was undoubtedly disappointing and  affected the whole year’s performance.  Whilst there are always lessons to be  learned, I believe that management made  appropriate decisions in this period of  uncertainty and reduced demand. The  impact of these external factors was also  exacerbated by our accelerated site  opening programme, which, although it  bodes well for long term value creation,   did stretch management resources,   an issue which we have addressed. The second half of the financial year was  much more promising, and there were   some notable achievements during the   year, including the opening of our 10th and  11th sites, and securing a site for our 12th  business which opened in Sheffield in late  April 2017. Our management team has   been strengthened and broadened. Our Market We have seen the market continue   to grow this year, a demand that we   are ideally positioned to deliver. The  franchised dealer groups have stated   their ambition to grow their used car  revenue as the outlook for the new car  market loses momentum. But our business  model is built on a unique customer  proposition based on Choice, Value and  Service, a commitment to getting a highly  engaged team and the flexibility that  independence from the manufacturers  gives. We will continue to prove our ability   to win the admiration and loyalty of our  customers and take market share. Dividend  I am pleased to announce that the Directors  have recommended a final dividend of   2.90 pence per share, which would give   a total for the year of 4.23 pence per share.  This represents dividend cover of 3 times   of adjusted EPS. 8 Motorpoint Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report EMPLOYEES CUSTOMERS SHAREHOLDERS Your Board  I am delighted to be working with our  independent non-executives with each of  Mary McNamara, Gordon Hurst and Steve  Weller joining on our flotation in May 2016.  They bring a wealth of experience and  independence, and already the Board is  working very effectively. I look forward to  their support over the Motorpoint Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 9 CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT The Group continued to   make progress during the   year, particularly in the second   half and I am encouraged by   the performance of our two   new sites opened during   the year. MARK CARPENTER CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER KEY ACHIEVEMENTS OVER THE LAST 12 MONTHS Castleford  opening On 1 April 2016 our   10th site in Castleford  opened, serving the  Yorkshire market. Market   listing On 13 May 2016 the  Company was listed on the  London Stock Exchange. Oldbury  opening  On 1 July 2016 our second  site in the West Midlands  opened, our 11th site   to open. New website  launched Our new website was  launched in the period,  improving our natural  search positions and  enhancing user  experience. Q1 Q2 10 Motorpoint Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Overview I am pleased to report our first full year  results following our listing on the premium  segment of the London Stock Exchange in  May 2016.  Despite a challenging first half of the year,  the Group delivered an improved trading  performance in the second half and Group  revenue for the year increased by 12.7% to  £822.0m (FY16: £729.2m). During the year, we opened two new retail   sites, Castleford in April 2016 and Oldbury   in July 2016, increasing our number of sites  to 11. These sites are trading on plan and  complement the Group’s existing footprint.  During Q4, we completed the substantial  preparation work for our 12th site, in  Sheffield, which opened in April 2017. Customer satisfaction remains a key priority  for the Group and we measure this using  NPS. I am pleased that this has increased  during FY17 from 72% to 77%, reflecting the  continued hard work of our colleagues. Our Focus on Team Our passionate focus on developing our  team is the driving force of our long term  success with a high proportion of our team  internally promoted. We are constantly  developing our talent with several Talent  Management and Leadership programmes  running at one time. We listen to our people  through surveys and forums and we  communicate openly and honestly with our  team. Our team is the best source for new  ideas that lead to new initiatives and fuel  our future growth. We are leaders in people development  and we are convinced this will maintain our  differentiated style from the rest of the car  retail industry, and be a major driver