 Forward Looking statements This report contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses and plans of  the Group. These statements and forecasts involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that have not  yet occurred. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by  these forward-looking statements and forecasts. Nothing in this report should be construed as a profit forecast. Chairman’s Statement LIONTRUST ASSET MANAGEMENT PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2017   3 Introduction  In my Chairman’s Statement for last year’s Annual report, I wrote that “we also  face challenges from outside our industry, including yet another year of political  uncertainty”. It is now clear this was a great understatement and there can be  few 12-month periods that have produced such a series of political shocks  culminating in last week General Election.  Stock markets, however, have brushed off the vote for Brexit and Donald  Trump becoming US President in January to such an extent that the FTSE  100 has reached an all-time high in 2017 and we have been experiencing  the second longest bull market in history. I doubt many people would have  said this time last year that markets would be where they are today if they had  known in advance the result of the UK Referendum and the US Presidential  election even if sterling has depreciated as most commentators expected  following the Brexit vote. Now we are faced with a hung Parliament at Westminster with all the political  uncertainty that this brings, along with the possibility of another General  Election later this year. Once again, at the time of writing, there has been a  benign reaction from the stock market in contrast to performance of Sterling. The last year has been an important reminder of the difficulty of predicting and  timing market movements and the benefits and value of financial advice and  long-term investment as opposed to knee-jerk reactions. Economies, markets  and investors will always be confronted by challenges and potential threats as  well as opportunities. Therefore, the key for investors is to stay focused on  what will enable them to achieve their long-term goals rather than obsess over  intra-day movements in equity markets. At Liontrust, we have brought together a talented group of fund management  teams who believe that rigorous investment processes are key to long- term performance and risk control. They do not get distracted by short- term events and noise but stay true to their own documented investment  processes. The success of this disciplined approach is shown by our  teams’ long-term performance records, which also demonstrate the value  that active management can deliver for investors. The addition of our new  European Income and Sustainable Investment teams over the last year have  strengthened further our fund management capability. Like investors, asset management businesses are continually confronted by  potential challenges and threats along with plenty of opportunities. It is easy to  list the challenges that the industry is or could be facing, whether it is political  uncertainty, current valuations in equity markets, the growth in flows into  passive investments or technological disrupters. None of these are reasons why we cannot continue to grow Liontrust,  however, as we have done so successfully over the past few years through  generating net sales and acquisitions. We have shown that sectors do not  need to be in favour with investors for us to enjoy net positive sales into  our funds. This growth has been achieved through strong leadership and management,  delivering value to investors over the long term and continuing to develop  our sales and marketing capability. We focus on our strengths in running  the business and are disciplined in enacting our strategy to grow our AuM,  earnings and profitability as our Results for the 2016-17 financial year  demonstrate. The general election campaign in the UK has highlighted very clearly yet again  the importance of every individual taking on responsibility for ensuring they  have sufficient funds for their retirement and to achieve their other financial  goals. Financial advice and fund management will become increasingly, not  less, important in the future to help people achieve this. I would like to thank our shareholders, investors and staff for all their support  and loyalty to Liontrust. Due to the leadership of the business and the hard  work of everyone at the Company, we are in a great position to continue to  overcome any challenges and benefit from the tailwinds behind the industry. Results Adjusted profit before tax was £17.235 million (2016: £14.623 million).  Adjusted profit before tax is disclosed in order to give shareholders an  indication of the profitability of the Group excluding non-cash (depreciation,  intangible asset amortisation and share incentivisation related) expenses  and non-recurring (professional fees relating to acquisition, cost reduction,  restructuring, share incentivisation and severance compensation related)  expenses (“Adjustments”), see note 5 below for a reconciliation of adjusted  profit (or loss) before tax.  Profit before tax is £9.103 million (2016: £9.404 million). Dividend The success in fund performance and distribution has resulted in an increase  in revenues excluding performance fees of 26% and an 18% increase in  our adjusted profit before 14 June 2017 Chief Executive’s report Vision and Strategic objectives Business model Key performance measures Fund Management review Distribution review Operations review Financial review Principal risks and mitigations Corporate Social Responsibility 6 7 7 7 8 14 14 14 18 20 Strategic report 4   LIONTRUST ASSET MANAGEMENT PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2017 4   LIONTRUST ASSET MANAGEMENT PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2017 Chief Executive’s report