  Why invest in ULS Technology  PAGE 03  Our business model  PAGE 08  Our strategy  PAGE 12  Chief Executive’s statement  PAGE 14 You can help us to reduce our environmental impact by   opting to receive shareholder communications online at   www.ulstechnology.com/investors OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At a glance Our vision To become the leading service provider   of technology comparison solutions to   the Legal Services, Financial Services and  Property sectors. Our central and unerring  focus will be to help an increasing number  of customers to move home as easily and  cost-effectively as possible.  Our mission To help customers who are making  important lifetime decisions to have the  best possible experience, and feel they  have received excellent value. Our strategy We will achieve our vision through   a clear and deliberate strategy. Always improving We will consistently strive to understand  exactly what our customers and business  partners want, and deliver this to them. Innovation We will develop new products and  services that enable us to hold a  competitive advantage over other   firms in our market. Growth Through constantly improving and   trying to perfect the products and services  we offer, we will attract increased new  business from our existing customers and  business partners. Additionally, we will  forge new relationships that will increase  new business, including acquiring other  businesses where appropriate to do so. What we do We bring together customers and  solicitors utilising technology backed- up by excellent customer service. We  provide customers with choice, price  competition and quality ratings. We  provide solicitors and conveyancers  with the opportunity to win work with  no upfront cost. Our distribution  channels We primarily provide our services  through white-labels to mortgage  brokers, banks, building societies and  price comparison websites amongst  others. Our service allows them to  provide their customers choice and  enables them to complete mortgage  uncertainties  Chairman’s statement I am delighted with the progress the Group has shown this year in  terms of profit growth, with our first large acquisition trading well.  There are good prospects for the coming year as we increase our  market share. Review of the year Over the last few years the Group has  been developing a growing pipeline of  prospective business. Bringing a number  of these prospects on stream during the  year, as well as a keen focus on  maintaining high-levels of service for  existing introducers, allowed the business  to grow over the period. I was particularly  pleased to see us organically grow our  transactional volumes by 4% while the  market shrank in volume terms by 13%.   There were challenging times with the  changes in the buy-to-let regulations,  followed by the slow down post EU  referendum. However, this was less  prolonged than initially feared and the  housing market returned to more normal  levels in the autumn, although the longer- term issue of a lack of housing stock for  sale is still a factor.  The business has developed and  launched a new panel management  solution for lenders which has been well  received and has resulted in a number of  new contracts being won. Some of these  contracts have only recently gone live and  I am excited by the opportunities for the  business in this area. Final dividend Subject to approval by shareholders at the  Annual General Meeting to be held on  28 July 2017 , the board proposes a final  dividend of 1.10p per share, payable on  4 August 2017 to those shareholders on  the register at the close of business on  7 July 2017 . This, together with interim  dividend of 1.10p per share already OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Chief Executive’s  statement ULS has continued   to make good  progress, building   on its clear strategy  of growing market  share, revenue and  profit, through a  combination of  organic growth  and tactical  acquisition activity. Ben Thompson Chief Executive  Officer Overview of operational performance  ULS agreed that it would focus on the  following as part of its growth strategy: • Build new technology to attract more  lender-related conveyancing; • Forge inroads into providing  conveyancing to customers who  traditionally would have bought  conveyancing through Estate   Agents; and • Acquire businesses that directly or  indirectly assist ULS in growing its   overall conveyancing market share.   All of the above have progressed well  throughout the year, contributing to a  revenue increase of 8% and underlying  profit growth of 15%.  Strategic progress The Group has made strong progress over  the last year, with healthy organic growth  achieved against a market where housing  transactions have continued to fall  markedly below long term historical  averages. In addition, the last year has  been a tough market, with tax changes  impacting landlords and the Buy-to-Let  market, and the slowdown in activity  following the EU Referendum. In 2016, ULS took a 35% stake in  HomeOwners Alliance (HOA), with an  option to acquire the business between  three and five years following completion  of the investment.  ULS Technology Annual Report 2017 14 The Group is pleased to report that it   has successfully tailored and embedded  its technology within HOA’s website and  that this has delivered new conveyancing  growth over the last year. The Group has won new conveyancing  contracts with two mortgage lenders,  having invested efforts into building a 