 OUR HIGHLIGHTS Assets Under Management Equivalents $58.2bn 2016: $52.9bn +10% Revenue £23.9m 2016: £21.1m +13% Earnings per share 2.91p 2016: 2.55p +14%   Clients 59 2016: 58 +2% Profit before tax £8.7m 2016: £6.9m +26% Ordinary dividend per share 2.00p 2016: 1.65p +21% Special dividend per share 0.91p 2016: nil Record plc Annual Report 2017 3 Sales office New York Sales   representative  Germany Sales   representative  Switzerland Head office  Windsor Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information The Group’s main geographical markets are the UK, North America  and Continental Europe, in particular Switzerland. CHAIRMAN’S   STATEMENT Neil Record Chairman 1. “Own cash” includes Group  assets managed as cash  excluding non-controlling interests  (see Financial statements note 16). Record plc Annual Report 2017 5 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information for the final and special dividends referred  to below) of £23.1 million and overheads  of £11.7 million, the current capital  structure, with a surplus of just under  24 months, reflects this policy. As discussed further in the Business  Review, Record has reported its  highest-ever AUME, increased revenues  and earnings, and further growth in revenue  diversification, with revenues from Passive  Hedging now covering all overheads  excluding variable remuneration. Given  this, the Board has decided that conditions  are now right for a change in the capital  policy. The new policy will be to ensure  retained capital broadly equivalent to one  year’s worth of future estimated overheads  (excluding variable remuneration), in  addition to capital assessed as required  for regulatory purposes, for working  capital purposes and for investing in new  opportunities for the business. This new  policy will still ensure a significant capital  buffer over regulatory requirements. Consequently the Board is considering  the return of approximately £10 million  of excess capital to shareholders so that  our capital structure conforms to our new  policy. Record will provide an update on  this to the market shortly. Our dividend policy targets a level of  dividend which is at least covered by  earnings and which allows for sustainable  dividend growth in line with the trend  in profitability. In line with such policy  and improved profitability, the Board is  recommending a 21% increase in the  ordinary full year dividend to 2.00 pence  per share. The interim dividend of  0.825 pence per share was paid on  23 December 2016, and the final ordinary  dividend of 1.175 pence per share, subject  to shareholders’ approval, will be paid on  2 August 2017 to shareholders on the  register at 30 June 2017. In my statement last year I confirmed  the Board’s intention, subject to financial  performance and market conditions at  the time, to return excess earnings over  ordinary dividends for the financial year  to shareholders, potentially in the form of  special dividends. The Board is pleased  to announce a special dividend equal to  the excess of basic earnings over ordinary  dividends, equivalent to 0.91 pence per  share to be paid simultaneously with the  final dividend. In the future, the Board intends to pursue  a progressive ordinary dividend policy, with  dividends expected to be paid equally in  respect of an interim and a final dividend.  In setting the interim and final dividends,  the Board will be mindful of setting a level  of ordinary dividend payments which it  expects to be at least covered by earnings  and which allows for future sustainable  dividend growth by the business in line with  the trend in profitability. The Board intends  to continue its approach of considering  returning to shareholders any excess of  earnings over the sum of ordinary dividends  for the financial year and increased capital  requirements, normally in the form of  special dividends. The Board will continue to consider  ordinary dividends and other distributions  to shareholders on a “total distribution”  basis. The total distribution for any year  will be at least covered by earnings, and  will always be subject to the financial  performance of the business, the market  conditions at the time and to any further  excess capital assessed as required under  the policy described above. Group strategy The Group believes its core strategies  remain appropriate to achieve sustainable  growth in the business. Our primary focus  is still maintaining our existing revenue base  and growing this further through excellent  client service and relationships. Constant innovation is key to meeting  the needs of our clients in a challenging  environment. One of the Group’s  key strengths is its flexibility which is  demonstrated in its capability to adapt  products, processes or distribution  methods, and to tailor its approach to  suit individual client requirements. This innovation can be seen in each of our  established products, where our strategy  has been continually to enhance the value  proposition offered to clients in order to resist  competitive pressures on revenue margins.  This is particularly true in the case of Passive  Hedging, which can be mis-characterised  by others as a commodity service, but  which instead offers growing opportunities  to save costs and add value for clients. Both  Dynamic Hedging and Multi-Strategy have  also benefited from enhancements to their  investment process, and combinations of  these products are increasingly tailored to  specific clients’ needs. The Board There were a number of important changes  made to the Board during the year. Cees Schrauwers and Andrew Sykes  stepped down from the Board as  non-executive directors during the year,  having each served a full nine-year term  on the Board and