 Company balance sheet 144 Supplementary disclosures unaudited 155 Other information Other information (unaudited) 162 Sustainability performance measures 172 Ten year record 174 Shareholder information 175 Glossary 177 Presentation of financial information The Group financial statements are prepared under  IFRS where the Group’s interests in joint ventures and  funds are shown as a single line item on the income  statement and balance sheet and all subsidiaries   are consolidated at 100%. Management considers the business principally on   a proportionally consolidated basis when setting   the strategy, determining annual priorities, making  investment and financing decisions and reviewing  performance. This includes the Group’s share of   joint ventures and funds on a line-by-line basis and  excludes non-controlling interests in the Group’s  subsidiaries. The financial key performance indicators  are also presented on this basis. Refer to the Financial  review for a discussion of the IFRS results. Expert People The knowledge and skills to deliver We employ Expert People and  work with specialist partners   to create insight, develop skills  and build capability. Capital Efficiency Disciplined use of capital We allocate our capital, manage   our finances and partner with  like-minded organisations to deliver  sustainable long term value.  Right Places Creating great environments,  inside and out We design engaging, sustainable  places which bring people together  through the right BRITISH LAND AT A GLANCE £6.3bn 1 British Land owned City 39% West End 61% Standalone 22% Campuses 78% Broadgate Regent’s Place Clarges Central Paddington  Cluster Portman Regional 45% Superstores Dep’t store Solus & Leisure Local 33% Multi-let 78% Other Retail 22% £6.6bn British Land owned £8.5bn 1 assets under   management Offices  Our Offices portfolio is focused on our London  campuses which also include a mix of retail,  leisure and residential to create attractive   and engaging environments. They reflect   the lifestyle of today’s workforce and appeal   to a broad range of occupiers. Outside our  campuses, we own a number of high quality  standalone buildings in well-connected and  well-managed locations. Highlights   – Exchanged on the sale of 50% interest   in The Leadenhall Building for a headline   price of £1.15 billion (100%)  – 279,000 sq ft of lettings and renewals   1.4% ahead of ERV in the year  – Over 700,000 sq ft of lettings under offer   or in advanced negotiations  – Portfolio valuation down 0.7%  Our places are increasingly   mixed use Across our portfolio, we are broadening the   mix of uses to better reflect people’s changing CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT 1 1.3m sq ft of lettings   across our Retail portfolio,  11% ahead of ERV Attracting new occupiers, upsizing  existing retailers and increasing   leisure and food & beverage.   Continued outperformance of footfall  and sales growth benchmarks. 2 Progressed 1m sq ft   of lettings across our   Office portfolio 279,000 sq ft of lettings completed   with over 700,000 sq ft under offer or   in advanced negotiations; this includes  140,000 sq ft of lettings at 7 Clarges  Street and 4 Kingdom Street shortly  after completion on terms ahead of  pre-referendum ERVs. 3 Exchanged £1.5bn of asset  sales, 9% ahead of valuation Including our 50% interest in   The Leadenhall Building for £575m,   the £400m disposal of Debenhams,  Oxford Street and £226m of superstores,  reducing superstore weighting in the  portfolio to 4%. 4 Progressing our development  pipeline with 2.3m sq ft of  planning consents secured and  a further 1.3m sq ft submitted Includes planning secured at   Eden Walk, Blossom Street   and 2&3 Finsbury Avenue and  submissions for Meadowhall   Leisure and 1 Triton Square. 5 Established our Bright   Lights skills and employment  programme for our suppliers,  occupiers and local  communities Includes 70 placements on our Starting  Out in Retail programme, with 75%  moving into long term employment.  1.7% apprentices in our tier 1 supply  chain pilot study as we work towards   our 2020 target of CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW data in recent months suggests that consumers  are becoming more cautious with higher prices  impacting disposable incomes. Retailers are also  anticipating a more challenging environment,  with import cost inflation, higher business rates  in some areas and the National Living Wage  putting pressure on margins.  These dynamics have increased retailers’ focus  on space which allows them to trade profitably  across a range of channels. Our Regional and  Local portfolio supports their strategy. Our  Regional centres provide a broader offering,  suited to larger, flagship stores and attracting  visitors from a wide catchment for a longer  dwell time. Our Local centres are convenient  and accessible and so they work well for click  and collect and more targeted shopping trips,  as well as providing a range of amenities for  local communities. Our placemaking activities  and our community engagement encourage  new and repeat visits to our sites and this has  driven continued outperformance in both  footfall (ahead of benchmark by 240 bps) and  retailer in-store sales growth (220 bps ahead).  We have made good progress on our  development pipeline. As well as completions   at 4 Kingdom Street and the offices element of  Clarges, we committed to the redevelopment   of 100 Liverpool Street at Broadgate and works  commenced there in December. UBS have now  vacated 800,000 sq ft of space across the campus  on completion of their occupancy of 5 Broadgate.  Located at the gateway to our Broadgate   campus and