 see page 14 Our highlights Year ended 31 March 2017 £29.0m  surplus before tax 45% operating margin on   social housing lettings £59.9m EBITDA MRI (Earnings before interest,   tax, depreciation and amortisation,   major repairs included) 174% EBITDA MRI (% of interest   payable and similar charges)  18,186  homes owned or managed £22.8m invested in maintaining and   improving our existing homes 508 homes built or acquired 169 shared ownership sales 100% of homes have met Decent Homes   Standard since 2010 A+  credit rating from Standard & Poor’s V1 HCA viability rating G1 HCA governance rating 01 Report and financial statements 2017 Financial statements Additional information Governance Strategic report Chairman’s statement bpha’s success has helped attract   good people and good people are   key to continued success. I am writing this statement in the immediate aftermath of the  tragic event of the Grenfell Tower fire in which so many people  have sadly lost their lives. Everyone here at bpha extends their  sympathy to all involved. There will be a need to review the  information that emerges from the Inquiry as that unfolds; in the  meantime working with fire service representatives we have  looked again at bpha tenants’ safety and the fire precaution  measures that are in place in the tower blocks that bpha owns.  Tenants’ safety continues to be our number one priority.  The year to 31 March 2017 has seen continued progress in many  areas, details of which are set out in the pages which follow. In this  statement, I wish to focus upon governance, people and strategy. Governance  Following my appointment as Chair in February 2015, the Board  concluded that bpha’s governance would benefit by working to  a greater extent through committees; this would facilitate greater  scrutiny outside of the formal Board meetings by specialist  Non-Executive and Independent Members who could bring  both constructive challenge and support to the Executive  whilst providing greater assurance to the Board.  Accordingly the Finance & Treasury Committee was established in  2015 under the Chairmanship of Dr Martin Hurst, a then recently  appointed non-executive member of the Board. In the two years  since, I believe that this committee has proved very effective. Development of new housing has been at the heart of bpha’s  activities for many years. Post-Brexit referendum, there are  numerous economic and political 02 Chief Executive Officer’s review A long term business with   a forward‑looking vision. Kevin Bolt addresses the 2017 staff conference.  bpha’s 2017 Financial Statements highlight that this has been an  extremely successful year for the association, in many respects its  best ever, which underlines the strength of the current business  model. Naturally I am very happy with how things have gone but  what excites me even more is the less visible, but in many ways  more important, investment that has been made during the year  in the association’s longer term potential. At the moment, people seem to be getting quite used to  unexpected events in their lives be they political, social, economic,  national or global, so that is the world that bpha has to be strong  enough, smart enough, resilient enough and committed enough to  succeed in as we approach the 2020s. In short, we want the bpha  business model to be flexible enough to cope with the unexpected  whilst we maintain our commitment to building more homes and  looking after the customers and homes that we already have.  In 2016, the Board approved a strategy called ‘Fit for the Future’  and this year, with the help and commitment of our staff, we have  started to deliver this. As detailed on page 7, we have established  a new business unit operational model that has been designed  to be both scalable and modular. It will bring greater focus and  transparency to service delivery, the performance of our assets  and the overall operational efficiency of the association. Ongoing  investment in this model over the coming 12 to 24 months will  enable bpha to continue to perform strongly and ensure we are  At a glance As one of the top 25 developing housing  associations, we have grown our stock to  over 18,000 homes and continue to build   at least 500 more each year. Age profile of tenants The majority of our tenants are aged between 25 and 50,   a younger age profile than is typical across the sector.  Stock by type We offer a range of dwelling types, but the majority of our stock  is family homes.  Economic status The majority of our tenants are not in receipt of housing benefit,  leaving us less exposed to welfare reform.  Stock by usage The majority of our stock is conventional and modern general   needs housing. Age profile of stock Nearly half our stock is under 20 years old, meaning lower  maintenance costs.  Analysis of turnover Our social housing lettings activity is the core component of   our business, representing over 68% of our total turnover. 04 Oxfordshire Bedfordshire Northamptonshire Buckinghamshire 2 1 3 5 Cambridgeshire 4 Units by area The majority of our housing stock is in the Oxford to Cambridge arc. Where we have been building in 2016/17 1 Bedfordshire 10,187 2 Cambridgeshire & Peterborough 3,568 3 Oxfordshire 1,247 4 Buckinghamshire & Milton Keynes 1,050 5 Northamptonshire 1,201 Other 933 Total units 18,186 1 Bedfordshire 59 2 Cambridgeshire 306 3 Oxfordshire 136 Total social housing units built 501 Other acquisitions 7 Total social housing units   built or acquired 508 Private sale units built   (group’s 25% share of total) 14 Total additions 522