 Five‑year financial record 213 Strategic report 1 Directors’ report 80 Financials 142 Total revenue* £5,216.6m Financial and operational highlights A year of progress Group revenue  £4,547.1m Profit before tax £362.1m Basic earnings per share 61.8p *Underlying The adjustments described below,  collectively, are made to derive the  underlying operating results of the  Group. The underlying figures provide  a consistent measure of business  performance year to year, thereby  enabling comparison and understanding  of Group financial performance. Throughout the Strategic report, unless  otherwise stated, revenue, operating  profit, operating margin, net finance  costs, profit before tax and earnings per  share refer to results before amortisation  of acquired intangibles and exceptional  items. Revenue, operating profit,  operating margins and net finance costs  also include the Group’s share of equity  accounted joint ventures and associates.  Operating profit and operating margin  include investment income arising under  IFRIC12 which is presented as financial  income in the Income Statement. All  numbers are stated before the effect  of corporate tax rate changes. A  reconciliation of statutory to underlying  results is set out on page 31.  Operating profit* £574.8m Profit before tax* £494.8m Good progress across contracts  and markets We have continued to deliver across new  and existing contracts demonstrating  the quality of our operations and the  resilience of our business. A healthy order  book, at £19.0 billion, was replenished 4 Babcock International Group PLC  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report 1 Directors’ report 80 Financials 142 Our sectors Historically we have consistently built up our expertise and commercial positions across  four key sectors: marine, land, aviation and nuclear. The realignment into our four new  sectors provides employees, customers and investors with a clearer, more aligned  Babcock and an improved platform for growth. Our capabilities Over the years we have continued to  develop our capabilities and specialist  skills in our four sectors, each of which  provides good opportunities for growth  in both the UK and, increasingly,  internationally. The realignment will  enable us to effectively leverage our  capabilities and share expertise across  the Group through four key enablers: Marine Delivers a wide array of complex through‑life  marine engineering services ranging from  supporting UK and international naval  fleets, commercial marine, engineering  consultancy, weapons handling, equipment  support, intelligence and cyber‑security and  technical training, all delivered through unique  owned and managed infrastructure to defence  and civil customers across the globe. Technology We have deep sector‑specific technical  expertise with decades of experience; we  understand risk and resilience and are able  to deliver availability with innovation. We  are equipment‑agnostic which enables  us to work with any OEM to specify and  support its products. We have the ability  to identify and integrate technology into  our through‑life support. Training Technical training 18 Babcock International Group PLC  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report 1 Directors’ report 80 Financials 142 Those who have been in the Company for  many years, or plan on joining today, can  use the being babcock principles as a  guide to determine what’s appropriate  behaviour within our Company. If we all  adopt these principles each day in our  interactions with colleagues, customers  and others then more people will  experience Babcock at its best,  more often. In this way we can ensure that everyone  who comes into contact with Babcock  International has a consistent and positive  experience, helping to grow our business  and reinforcing the reputation that we  are ‘trusted to deliver’. being babcock Our culture In an engineering services business such as Babcock International, it’s the people who really make a  difference to how the company is perceived, both internally and externally. As individuals, we all make  a difference to our colleagues, our customers and others who we interact with on a daily basis. If we’re  to remain a leading engineering services company that people are proud to work for and customers  choose to work with, then each of us must embody the eight principles set out below, day in, day 20 Babcock International Group PLC  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report 1 Directors’ report 80 Financials 142 International revenue 25% Order book and pipeline  c £30bn  FY17 FY16 FY15 FY14 FY13 10.5 10.5 11.5 20.0 20.0 19.0 10.5 17.5 15.5 12.0 Pipeline Order book the public and private sectors. For all  of them, our goal is to provide them  with better availability and capability  from their critical assets. Clearly, this  meets a need – in the last 10 years our  revenue has grown from £500 million  to £5 billion today. We’ve come a long way, but I believe we  can go even further. One of my key roles  is to test the robustness of our strategy  and to be sure that the organisation has  the capacity and capability to exploit the  growth opportunities before us. When  I look at the size and shape the business  could be in five years’ time I believe the  strategy is robust and deliverable but we  need to make a fairly simple realignment  of our internal divisional structure to give  us a solid base to enable us to grow as we  believe we can over the next five years. Where are we going? By 2022 we aim to be by far the biggest,  and most successful, engineering  services business in the UK, and one  of the best in the world. I want to see  us deliver top‑level returns for our  shareholders, whilst having grown our  revenues significantly. We plan to grow 