 Our people 30 Financial Statements Our Financial Statements include: the  independent auditors’ reports; consolidated  financial statements prepared in accordance  with IFRS as adopted by the EU; related  commentary and notes to the consolidated  financial statements; and the Company’s  financial statements prepared in accordance  with FRS 101. Financial Statements contents 72 Introduction to the Financial Statements 73 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 74 Independent auditors’ report 75 Report of Independent Registered   Public Accounting Firm 83 Additional Information This section includes additional disclosures   and information, definitions and a glossary   of terms, summary consolidated financial  information, and other useful information   for shareholders, including contact details   for more information or help. Additional Information contents 172 Definitions and glossary of terms 202 Want more information or help? 207 Cautionary statement 208 We use a number of technical terms   and abbreviations within this document.   For brevity, we do not define terms or   provide explanations every time they are  used; please refer to the glossary on pages  202–206 for this information as well as an  important notice in relation to forward-looking  statements with our cautionary statement. Corporate Governance The Corporate Governance Report, introduced  by our Chairman, contains details about the  activities of the Board and its committees At a glance  We are one of the world’s largest investor-owned utilities focused  on transmission and distribution activities in electricity and gas in  the UK and the US. We play a vital role in connecting millions of  people to the energy they use, safely, reliably and efficiently. We  are organised into operating segments, which we describe below. UK Electricity Transmission We own and operate the electricity  transmission network in England and Wales,  with day-to-day responsibility for balancing  supply and demand. We operate but do not  own the Scottish networks. Our networks  comprise approximately 7 ,200 kilometres   (4,474 miles) of overhead line, 1,500 kilometres  (932 miles) of underground cable and 342  substations. UK Gas Transmission We own and operate the gas National  Transmission System (NTS) in Great Britain,  with day-to-day responsibility for balancing  supply and demand. Our network comprises  approximately 7 ,660 kilometres (4,760 miles)   of high-pressure pipe and 618 above-ground  installations. Our role as system operator As Great Britain’s System Operator (SO) we make sure Great Britain’s gas and electricity is  transported safely and efficiently from where it is produced to where it is consumed. We seek to  ensure that supply and demand are balanced in real-time and we facilitate the connection of assets  to the transmission system. In the US, similar services are provided by independent system operators. Strategic Report Chairman’s statement  National Grid is responding positively to wide-reaching  developments in our operating environment and taking  steps to build a stronger foundation for the future.  Over the past year, we have seen significant  developments both in our external environment  and within the Company.  In the summer of 2016, the UK voted to leave  the European Union (EU), leading to a change  in government leadership. More recently, a  General Election was announced for 8 June  2017 . We have also seen a new administration  in the US following the Presidential election.  We await developments in its policy positions. Amid these developments, public trust in   big business and political institutions remains  low. The cost of energy and the impact of  investment in new technology on bills remains   a matter of concern for politicians, regulators  and consumers. The energy industry needs   to work hard to demonstrate affordability and  build trust with consumers and communities  who feel disconnected from the opportunities  that technological and market changes  can bring. In early 2017 , the UK Government presented  proposals for a UK industrial strategy, including  recommendations for developing energy  infrastructure, skills and investment in  technology and innovation. The commitment of governments across the  world to support the agreement on climate  change made at the Paris Conference of the  Parties sent a strong signal that we have to  tackle the threat of rising Strategic Report Chief Executive’s review The past year was an important period for National Grid.  We completed the sale of a majority interest in our UK Gas  Distribution business, made progress with our new rates   in the US, and developed our thinking on National Grid’s  purpose, vision and strategic direction. I am proud of what we have achieved during  2016/17 . We have continued being innovative  and efficient to deliver savings for customers,  while taking steps across the Group to evolve  by investing in newer technologies. These  developments come at a time when there have  been considerable changes in our operating  environment, as described on page 9.  This is why our leadership team has conducted  a strategic review of our business to articulate   our purpose and evolve our vision and strategy.  I am excited by the evolution of our strategy,  which we are setting out in this report. Our performance in 2016/17 In terms of safety, our overall lost time injury  frequency rate for the Group was 0.08, which   is considered to be world class. This figure,  which includes our contractors and excludes  the UK Gas Distribution business, is slightly  different to our KPI for the Group’s employee  injury frequency rate. You can read about this  on page 10. However, we were all reminded of the  importance of safety this year, following a tragic  incident in which one of our UK employees   lost his