 Progress Highlights Financial highlights Deliver a safe, efficient and reliable  service every day  > The volume of flights we handled increased by 7.6% to 2.45 million   (2016: 2.28 million). We maintained our safety record, with no risk- bearing Airprox 3  attributable to NATS (2016: nil).   > Average en route delay per flight increased to 10.9 seconds (2016: 4.3   seconds), reflecting in part higher than expected traffic. We enabled  additional annual savings for airline customers of 55,900 tonnes of  CO 2 emissions. Deliver SESAR and transform the  business for the future  > We consulted customers on our revised investment plan for RP2,  which accelerates the deployment of SESAR technology.  > Important milestones included: implementation of our new flight data  processor (iTEC 4 ) into Prestwick upper airspace, and live trials of  electronic flights strips by the Terminal Control (TC) operation. Win and retain commercial business  > We were awarded ATC and engineering contracts by George   Best Belfast City Airport and an airspace design contract for   Thailand. FerroNATS secured ATC contracts at three additional  Spanish airports.  > We renewed ATC contracts with Aberdeen, Glasgow and  Southampton and extended our ATC contract with Luton for one  year. We also renewed the engineering service with Highlands  and Islands Airports.   > Edinburgh Airport’s ATC service will transfer to a competitor in  March 2018. Other priorities for 2016/17  > We invested in April 2017 in Searidge Technologies, a provider of  technology for remote tower services and continue to develop a  remotely-operated airport control tower capability at Swanwick.  > We are supporting Aquila with the MOD’s Project Marshall and we  have formed a task force with our partner, Thales, to re-plan the  delivery of the asset provision milestones. Financial year ended 31 March (£m unless otherwise specified) 2017 2016 Change % Revenue 919.3 898.1 +2.4 Progress Chairman’s statement Dr Paul Golby Financial performance and dividends The group’s revenue was £21m higher than last year, at £919m  (2016: £898m). While  Airspace customers benefited from real price  reductions under the RP2 Performance Plan, the related reductions in  revenue were more than offset by additional revenue from the increase  in flights handled. This year we safely handled an additional 7.6% of flights. This growth   was much higher than assumed in our RP2 Performance Plan set when  jet fuel prices were much higher than today and flights were projected  to grow by only 2%. We also generated additional income from  supporting the UK military with Project Marshall, which helped to offset  lower Airports income. Profit before tax and goodwill impairment, at £137m (2016: £137m)  was in line with last year. After taking into account a reduced charge  for goodwill impairment of £11m (2016: £93m), profit before tax at   £126m (2016: £44m) was £82m better. The Board has reviewed the group’s dividend policy. This now aims  to pay a regular and progressive dividend that reflects NERL’s cost of  equity (as reflected in the RP2 Performance Plan) and any regulatory  out-performance as well as a pay-out of 25% of profit after tax for  NATS Services. In addition, from time to time the Board will consider  the potential for, and affordability of, returning any excess capital to  shareholders taking into account NERL’s gearing and the overall  liabilities of the NATS group. The Board paid dividends of £24.0m in 2017 (2016: £81.7m). In May   2017, the group paid a first interim dividend of £28.5m for the 2018   financial year.  NATS Holdings Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report   |  08 Progress Defined benefit pension scheme The Trustees’ 2015 triennial valuation reported an increase in the deficit  to £459m (2012 triennial valuation: Progress Chief Executive’s review Martin Rolfe Overall we made good progress in implementing our strategic objectives this year and achieved all but one of the priorities we set ourselves. I was pleased  with our performance as we handled the most rapid growth in air traffic volumes in a decade while in parallel continuing to make changes to our operation.  Priorities for 2017 How we did Provide a safe, efficient and reliable service every day from our airports and centres Deliver SESAR technology and transform the business for the future:  > Complete the introduction of iTEC into Scottish Upper Airspace  > Deploy and operate electronic flight strips in Swanwick Terminal Control Win and retain commercial business:  > Establish a remote tower capability  > Establish further strategic partnerships with our airport customers  > Achieve Mode S Surveillance capability for Project Marshall NATS Holdings Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report   |  10 Progress Provide a safe, efficient and reliable service every day This year we safely handled 7.6% more flights than last year. We saw   high growth rates in international flights, particularly from London  airports, and the volume of North Atlantic flights exceeded its previous  peak in 2008. The number of flights was also higher than projected  by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) in our Performance Plan for  Reference Period 2 (RP2: 2015-2019) which, while challenging to handle  operationally, has benefited our revenue. The basic structure of the UK’s airspace (its routes, sectors and holding  patterns) was designed over 50 years ago when traffic volumes were far  lower than they are today. Airspace in the South East is now operating  to its maximum capacity during the busiest times of the year. When  the airspace is at capacity our service performance is very sensitive  to the timing and distribution of traffic flows across the country. This  was evident last summer when periods of