 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS • Scapa achieved significant goals this  year – Healthcare exceeded £100m in  sales, Industrial achieved double-digit  margins, and the Company achieved  £500m market capitalisation • Revenue, trading profit and margins  grew for the seventh consecutive  year, showing the benefit of a  consistent and well executed strategy • Revenue increased to £279.6m,  helped by currency tailwinds and the  acquisition of EuroMed • Trading profit increased to £29.2m  with both businesses contributing well • Margins increased to 10.4% as the  Industrial ROCE strategy continues  to deliver  • This strong performance results in  an adjusted EPS increase of 39.6%,  supporting an increase in the  dividend to 2.0p from 1.75p * Operating profit before amortisation of intangible assets, exceptional items and pension administration costs ** Adjusted for exceptional items, amortisation of intangible assets, pension administration costs, non-cash interest, and the tax thereon STRATEGIC REPORT SCAPA GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 1 £116.4m (2016: £103.4m) £14.4m (2016: £14.0m) £148.8m (2016: £129.3m) CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 4 SECTION TITLE: PAGE REF 4 STRATEGIC REPORT adhesive based value chain at our strategic  customers. Our goal is to continue to  accelerate the shift to higher value added  business with Scapa’s innovation and IP  that will deliver higher margin and stronger  partnerships with our customers who  are growing and significant. The Industrial business continues to  deliver impressive results through focus on  Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) and  operational efficiency. This year it achieved  the long-term objective of double-digit trading  profit margins. The pressure sensitive market  is large, diverse and mature. Estimated at  over US$30 billion, its growth reflects the  GDP of the markets. We recognised that  to deliver the double-digit profit growth we  could not rely solely on revenue growth,  particularly given the uncertain and endemic  macro environment. As such we outlined  a self-help agenda focused on operational  efficiency and asset optimisation. Our  methodical and exceptional operational  execution enabled us to deliver on our goal.  We have, along the way, accumulated  capabilities and competencies that are  yielding significant results. Moreover, they  are allowing us to expand our potential.  We have reset our profit margin target to  mid-teens which compares to the market  leaders. We believe we can achieve our new  goal by continuing to execute our self-help  agenda. Furthermore, we believe that we can  achieve above-market growth through focus  on specific markets where we have  competitive advantage. PERFORMANCE AND DIVIDEND The continued focus on execution against  a consistent strategy outlined above  produced another record year for the  Group. Group revenue increased 13.3% to  £279.6m (2016: £246.7m) and trading profit  increased 37.1% to £29.2m (2016: £21.3m),  with strong trading helped by a currency  translation tailwind. On a constant currency  basis, revenue and trading profit grew 1.7%  and 18.2% respectively. Group margins  increased to 10.4% from 8.6%. Adjusted  earnings per share increased 39.6% to  14.8p (2016: 10.6p) and basic earnings per  share was 11.6p (2016: 4.1p).  This year has seen a further strengthening  of the Balance Sheet, including continued  4 SECTION TITLE: PAGE REF SCAPA GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 5 4 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STRATEGIC REVIEW “ T H E F IN A N CI A L  ACCOMPLISHMENTS  ARE THE RESULT OF  OUR RELENTLESS AND  UNCOMPROMISING  EXECUTION OF  THE STRATEGY.” OVERVIEW During the year, the Group delivered  on a number of the strategic milestones  we have set for ourselves; we achieved  double-digit profit margins in Industrial,  and our Healthcare revenue has surpassed  £100m. In addition we accomplished the  audacious goal we set for ourselves four  years ago; an internal goal of reaching  £500m market capitalisation when it stood  at less than £100m at the time. While we  pause to reflect on the accomplishments,  we are keenly aware that the real challenge  is to maintain and surpass the past  trajectory. We are confident that we can  deliver the next set of milestones and goals  as the opportunities and potential for both  Healthcare and Industrial are still significant. In Healthcare our strategy is to be the  strategic turn-key partner of choice to our  global Healthcare customers. We believe  that by broadening our offerings and  capabilities we can continue to build  our market leading position in a growing  and expanding market. In addition to the  underlying growth in healthcare due to  favourable demographics, we are also at  the forefront of an accelerating outsourcing  trend. As we review the growing pipeline of  projects and potential acquisitions, we are  confident that we can maintain double-digit  growth in Healthcare, organically and  through acquisition.  Industrial serves diverse markets and  geographies and its revenue performance  reflects the composite macro dynamics.  We focus on key defensible markets where  we have opportunity to gain market share  in the US$30 billion pressure sensitive  material market. Our strategy is to continue  to deliver profit growth by focusing on  the optimisation of our assets through  relentless operational execution and  achieve mid-teens profit margins,  comparable to market leaders. OUR PERFORMANCE IN 2016/17 The Group focus on execution against  the consistent strategic objectives outlined  above has helped Scapa to deliver record  results once again in 2016/17. Group  revenue increased 13.3% to £279.6m  or 1.7% on a constant currency basis.  H R Chae Group Chief Executive 6 SECTION TITLE: PAGE REF 6 STRATEGIC REPORT Healthcare revenue increased 16.5% to  £108.7m or 5.0% at constant currency.  We acquired