 6  Ordinary dividends paid/proposed relating to the financial year “Our ﬁrst full year as a listed company has been one of progress as we have worked hard to position  the Group for future growth. It is disappointing that reduced client activity impacted revenue  performance for much of the year, but I am pleased that the strength of our platform, team and service  proposition has continued to attract new, high quality clients and our existing clients are putting more  money to work with us. We have continued to make excellent headway with our ﬁve strategic initiatives  in 2017 and signed the biggest institutional transaction in our history, our partnership with ANZ Bank.  Clearly regulatory change is likely to have some impact on the business, but we believe we are well  positioned to beneﬁt from market share gains in the medium to long term, with our ability to adapt  our leading proprietary technology and focus on client service and regulatory compliance supported  by our ﬁnancial strength.”   Peter Cruddas  Chief Executive Officer Highlights  Net operating income 1  (£m)  Active clients 3  Revenue per active client 4  (£)  rofit after tax m  Underlying PBT 2  (£m)  Underlying PBT margin  PBT (£m)  PBT margin  Value of trades 5  (£bn)  Number of trades (m)  Dividend 6  per share  Special dividend per share Basic EPS CMC Markets plc Annual Report 2017 Highlights Highlights 6 7 Whilst I am pleased to present the Group’s results in our first  full year since listing on the London Stock Exchange, there  is no doubt that the past year has been challenging and  disappointing with net operating income down 5% and  underlying profit before tax down 22%. The year-on-year fall   in  net operating income was primarily driven by more  challenging market conditions with sustained periods of  significantly lower market volatility, providing fewer trading  opportunities for our clients. The more significant fall in underlying profit before tax of  22% was a function 8 9 Peter Cruddas collaborates on product development plans. I founded CMC Markets in 1989 and over the intervening years  the business has grown and has dealt with many periods of  significant change; in many cases we have pioneered the change.  This has included embracing the internet and new technologies  including mobile and adapting to regulatory change. I love being  at the helm of the business and I plan to steer us through any  proposed regulatory changes ahead. That is what I have done  successfully for 27 years and I will continue to do going forward.  Financial performance and KPIs Over the year, global markets were less volatile than historically,  particularly in our major asset class, indices, and despite  short-term volatility around the EU referendum and US  presidential election, this ultimately led to fewer trading  opportunities for our clients. Against this backdrop of low levels  of market volatility, particularly in the first half, clients traded  less than the prior year with net operating income being 5%  lower than the prior year at £160.8 million. Operating expenses  before exceptional costs increased by 6% to £105.8 million, due  to increased investment in marketing and higher staff costs. Profit before tax was £48.5 million, a 9% decrease on the prior  year, driven by the reduced net operating income and the low  level of variable cost within the business. However, with this  operational leverage we anticipate that when revenues increase  there will be a low incremental increase in cost, and therefore  believe that our strong client metrics are a good foundation for  future earnings growth. Own funds generated from operating  activities were £47.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2017  and the Group continues to have a strong regulatory total  capital ratio of 31.5% as at 31 March 2017. Although the Group’s policy is to pay 50% of profit after tax  as dividends, given the Group’s strong cash generation and  liquidity position, the Board has recommended to maintain  last 56 57 CMC Markets plc Annual Report 2017 Governance report Governance report Simon Waugh   (Chairman) Appointed to the Board: 1 December 2007 Committee membership: • Nomination Committee (Chair) • Group Risk Committee • Remuneration Committee Simon joined the Group as a Non-Executive Director in  December 2007 and became the Non-Executive Chairman  in March 2013. He was Chairman of the Audit and Risk  Committee until listing. Prior to joining the Group, Simon was  Group Director of Sales, Marketing and Customer service at  Centrica. He retained these responsibilities for the seven years  he was with the Group, and also held the roles of Deputy CEO  of British Gas and CEO of the Centrica Financial Services  Company. On leaving Centrica, Simon became CEO of AWD  Financial Services Group, a leading Independent Financial  Advisor and consumer financial services business. Simon’s final  senior executive position was in the role of Chairman and CEO  of the National Apprenticeship Service, leading the  government’s flagship skills programme, reporting to the  Secretaries of State for both Education and Business. Simon is  also a life fellow of both the Marketing Society and the Institute  of Direct Marketing. Current external appointments: The Consulting Consortium Limited Record Sure Limited Swaines Limited BMLL T echnologies Limited Ingenuity Holdings Limited Gallagher Risk & Reward Limited Gallagher Benefit Services (Holdings) Limited Utilitywise PLC Peter Cruddas   ief Executive fficer Appointed to the Board: 3 June 2004 Committee membership: • Executive Committee (Chair) • Risk Management Committee Peter founded the Group and became its Chief Executive  Officer in 1989. Peter held this role until October 2007, and  again