 2 At a Glance We believe in better As the need to create financial security in later  life becomes increasingly important for us all,  Xafinity is changing the way that we think about  pensions and the way that they are structured,  protected and delivered. We believe in better. Better schemes, information, technology and decisions.   Better service expectations and ultimately better financial   outcomes for trustees, businesses, members and our shareholders. Pensions advisory   and administration 82% of revenues Comprehensive service offering  for defined benefit pension  scheme trustees, spanning  actuarial, investment and wider  pensions advice. Complementary administration  services provided to pensions  advisory clients, to provide a ‘one  stop shop’ for pensions support. National Pension Trust (NPT) 1% of revenues Multi-employer Defined  Contribution scheme, governed  by a Board of Professional  Trustees to remove governance  and compliance burden for  participating employers. One of only 3 schemes nationally  that hold the new Retirement  Quality Mark. Although a small proportion of  revenues, NPT is a strategic  growth area. Other 17% of revenues Provision, operation and  administration of SSAS and SIPP  schemes for several thousand  small groups or individual  members. Provision of professional trustee  services to occupational pension  schemes. Consulting services to employers  on healthcare benefits. Our services years’   experience 40   turnover £52m+ UK locations 6 employees 400+ Large core market and  opportunities for growth Predictable and recurring  revenues Robust long-term financial  performance Longstanding client  relationships Experienced, young  management team Cash generative £2 trillion Liabilities of private UK defined   benefit pension schemes 40+ years Longevity of private UK defined   benefit pension schemes £380bn Funds in UK defined   contribution schemes 4.7% Average annual growth   in revenue since 2013 6.1% Average annual growth   in adjusted EBITDA 1  since 2013 1 Adjusted EBITDA used so 4 “ The Company has a clear  strategic vision and goals for  organic revenue growth, a  sound financial base, high  quality employees and the  capability for scaling its  business model” for sustainable growth A better way Chairman’s Statement Overview  I am pleased to introduce Xafinity’s 2017  Annual Report and present my first statement  as Chairman, having been appointed to lead  the new Board shortly before the Company’s  listing on the London Main Market in February  this year. Our successful listing in an IPO  market dampened by concerns over Brexit was  testament to Xafinity’s quality of earnings and  growth potential, with the Offer at 139p per  ordinary share being fully subscribed by a  shareholder base of longer-term investors. The Group achieved a creditable performance  for the year ended 31 March 2017, continuing  a strong track record of delivering revenue  growth, healthy operating margin and strong  cash generation, while investing in its  operational capabilities to underpin future  growth. Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Company Information 5 Grown revenue to over  £52m in 2017 On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank  our colleagues across Xafinity for their  contribution to meeting the business  challenges in a significant year of innovation,  growth and change. Dividend Policy The Board are proposing a final dividend of  0.73p per share, effectively a post-listing  dividend for the period from Market  admission to 31 March 2017. This final  dividend will be payable on 28 September  2017 to shareholders on the register at the  close of business on 1 September 2017. The Board intend to pursue a progressive  dividend policy, with a two-thirds/ one-third approximate split of the total  annual dividend for the final and interim  dividends respectively and, subject to  prudent financial discipline and future  Group results, expect to pay as dividends  each year up to 67 per cent of adjusted  profits after tax. Strategy and Culture  Xafinity combines expertise, insight and  technology to address the 18 Co–Chief Executive Officers' Q&A to drive growth Ben Bramhall Co-Chief Executive Officer Paul Cuff Co-Chief Executive Officer Our Co-Chief Executive Officers Ben Bramhall and Paul Cuff review a  landmark year for Xafinity and discuss the outlook for the Group.  Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Company Information 19 Q: Why does Xafinity have Co-Chief  Executives, and how do you divide  responsibilities? Ben: There is a clear distinction between our  roles. I run the business day-to-day, looking  after big client accounts and making sure we  implement our best ideas across the business.  Paul focuses on new business and investment in  new technology. We both work on strategic  M&A, although Paul does more of the earlier  stages of investigating prospective targets. Paul: We have known each other for twenty  years since our first days’ training as actuaries,  and we’ve worked together for most of those.  We both spend a fair amount of time with  clients, and having 2 of us gives us the  bandwidth to do what we need to on this. In  our market it is not unusual to have 2 CEOs or  wider partnership structures. Q: What was the rationale for the IPO? Paul: This was the logical next step on our  journey. We are a thriving independent business  that flourished under private equity ownership.  We benefited hugely from the investment we  received from our private equity owners  following our separation from Equiniti, but we’re  about long-term relationships with staff and  clients, so it made sense to have stakeholders  and a financial structure that also looks to the  long term. Ben: Remaining independent was really  important to us, our people and our