 01 Castleton Technology plc Annual Report 2017 Operational  Highlights  – T urnover of £20.3 million (2016: £18.0 million)  – Adjusted EBITDA of £4.4 million (2016: £3.6 million)  – Acquisition of mobile technology IP in the year  – Cash generated from operations of £4.6 million (2016: £0.6 million)  – Basic EPS up to 0.59p (2016: loss of 1.56p)  – Over 60% of revenue is recurring 02 Castleton Technology plc Annual Report 2017 Chairman’s  Statement There remain significant   cross-selling opportunities  within the customer base   for us to provide our  customers with the  technology and services   that they require. David Payne Non-Executive Chairman Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 03 Castleton Technology plc Annual Report 2017 Dear Shareholder I am pleased to be able to report on  another year of solid progress for  Castleton.  Following the acquisitive  growth of FY2015 and FY2016, FY2017  has been a year of consolidation as  we put in place firm foundations for  the Group to build on its position as a  successful niche player in software and  IT managed services within the public  sector market place. The acquisition  of seven small companies brings great  rewards but also significant integration  efforts. Despite early teething issues  previously noted, I’m delighted to say  that the business has now dealt with  these and as we enter our fourth year, we  fully expect the company to demonstrate  its growth potential.    With respect to the year under review,  I am encouraged that we have  demonstrated our ability to improve  the mix of sales as the Company has  successfully transitioned to targeting  multiyear SaaS software revenues  whilst continuing to grow our overall  sales. A key success in the year has  been clearly demonstrating the highly  cash generative nature of our business  model which facilitated a reduction in our  net debt.    The Board There have been changes at Board  level as the Group puts in place our  foundations for future growth.   Dean Dickinson joined the Board as  CEO on 31 October 2016, replacing Ian  Smith who became Executive Deputy  Chairman.  Dean was previously  Managing Director of Advanced  Business Solutions, part of Advanced  Computer Software Group Limited  (previously Advanced Computer  Software plc (“ ACS”)), where he led the  impressive growth of the Public Sector  and Enterprise division following the  acquisition of COA Solutions in 2010.  Dean was part of the senior management  team that sold ACS to Vista Private Equity  for £725 million in March 2015.  Caro Bell resigned from the Board as  Operations Director on 30 August 2016  having joined in November 2015 and  Davinder Sanghera resigned from the  Board as Chief Operations Officer on  16th January 2017 having joined when  Documotive was acquired by Castleton  in November 2014. Davinder was  appointed as Chief Operations 17 July 2017 04 Castleton Technology plc Annual Report 2017 Chief Executive’s  Review Each of the acquisitions has  brought best in class  software solutions or  managed services capability.  The range of solutions  provides customers with  significant improvements in  service, performance and  insight. Dean Dickinson Chief Executive  Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 05 Castleton Technology plc Annual Report 2017 Overview I am pleased to report the significant  progress the Group has made during  the financial year to 31 March 2017 .  I arrived at the end of October 2016 with  the Company having made multiple  acquisitions in prior years and the start  of the financial year saw Castleton  improve the terms of its existing  exclusive reseller agreement with 365  Agile Group plc (“ Agile”) granting us  an exclusive licence for Agile’s suite  of mobile working software solutions  in relation to the social housing sector.  Each of the acquisitions has brought best  in class software solutions and managed  services capability, so the foundations for  a successful and scalable business were  already in place. The focus during the year has also  been on integrating the businesses  acquired, and since my arrival in October  2016, I have made further changes to  the structure and organisation which  strengthened our platform and which will  allow the Group to grow and maximise  the opportunities available in our  chosen market.   Our Market and What We Do The markets in which we operate are  focused around public sector and  not-for-profit social housing but also  include the contractors who provide  repairs services to the social housing  providers. Castleton has six offices in the  UK and a growing operation in Australia,  demonstrating our ability to grow and  scale our business in a new geography. The Group remains aligned along  two divisions; Software Solutions  and Managed Services, with each  focusing on their separate yet  complementary offerings.   Our Software Solutions division provides  all key business processes to social  landlords covering everything from  tenant engagement, rent collection,  financial planning and control, document  managing and repairs management.  All key processes are available to be  utilised on a mobile platform via apps  or digital engagement. The range of  solutions provides customers with  significant improvements in service,  performance and insight. Our Managed Services division offers a  wide range of IT Infrastructure solutions  which support an organisation’s  business objectives, including helping  to drive efficiencies, manage legacy  architectures or providing customers and  staff with the latest social, mobile and  cloud