 64 Officers and professional advisers Visit our website: www.collagensolutions.com Operational highlights •  Commercial organisation delivered nine new  commercial agreements  •  Online US sales launch to provide additional access  to the research markets •  60% stake taken in Cre8ive Collagen to move into  Chinese market •  Strengthened executive team with key R&D, sales  and marketing, and general management hires •  Provisional patent for bone graft substitute filed •  Australian patent for sourcing ultra-thin processed  pericardium granted •  Balance sheet strengthened with up to £10.8 million  (gross) in equity and venture debt facility  •  Participation in second major Horizon 2020 project Financial highlights Revenue and other income  £4,090,549 2017 2016 2015 £4,090,549 £3,244,257 £1,035,500 LBITDA* £(1,259,361) 2017 2016 2015 £(1,259,361) £(410,016) £(689,816) Cash and cash equivalents £8,978,150 2017 2016 2015 £8,978,150 £2,493,146 £3,391,356 2017 2016 2015 Gross profit margin  75.1% 75.1% 74.1% 78.0% *  Before separately identifiable items. STRATEGIC REPORT 1 Annual report and accounts 2017 Collagen Solutions plc STRATEGIC REPORT At a glance Making strong progress A GLOBAL REGENERATIVE  BIOMATERIALS COMPANY SEPTEMBER Invited to participate in an upcoming  Horizon 2020 project, which will  enhance our scientific expertise  and provide us with funding. OCTOBER Appointed Kevin Darling as General  Manager of our New Zealand  operations, ensuring the continued  stability of a critical part of our business. JANUARY  Formed Scientific Advisory Board to  advise the Company on opportunities  in regenerative medicine and provide  guidance on the business. 2016 2017 Our core business is the supply, development and manufacture  of collagen and tissue-based materials and medical devices. Our vision Be the industry’s first choice for  regenerative biomaterials. Our mission Improving patients’ quality of life by: •  being a trusted partner with our customers; •  providing innovative biomaterial 8 hard work and what we have achieved together in the growth of  the business to date, and I look forward to continued interaction  via his continued membership of the Scientific Advisory Board. The Board is confident that we now have a team in place to  deliver the short to medium-term strategic goals and have also  strengthened our functional teams to drive product innovation  and take the business to the next level of growth. Our people As part of our vital initiatives for the coming year we are committed to  providing development opportunities for our employees and have  been working with them on individual employee development plans  to deliver the required targeted training to allow them to deliver  enhanced performance to the business in its growth phase. We value  feedback from our employees and carry out an annual survey to  measure our performance in this area. Overview Our Board and management team have continued to make positive  progress, delivering nine new commercial agreements, with strong  sales growth in Asia, where we established a regional sales office  in Seoul, and in Europe. We have also seen an increase in demand  for tissue biomaterials from our Australian and New Zealand  sources. The investment in the multi-purpose processing facility  in New Zealand last year has allowed product development and  prototyping to be carried out, which will generate further revenues  in the coming year. The quality of the customer pipeline is building  up with some interesting projects to be executed. We continue to put in place the clear organisation and detailed  initiatives to drive our focused strategy in the current financial year  and beyond, which is to build a leading global regenerative biomaterials  business based upon a core supply, development and manufacturing  platform, enhanced by developing our own novel products, such as  ChondroMimetic ® , across a range of clinical indications. The funding  secured in March allows us to 10 July 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT 9 Annual report and accounts 2017 Collagen Solutions plc 10 STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executive’s statement I am pleased to report the results for the year ended 31 March  2017 for Collagen Solutions and the considerable progress we  have made towards realising value from multiple growth initiatives. Building on momentum and strengthened financials Firstly, and perhaps most significantly, we strengthened our  financial position substantially at the end of the financial year by  securing £10.8 million financing inclusive of £6.8 million in equity  and a venture debt facility of up to £4.0 million via Norgine  Ventures. This positions us to continue to grow our core business,  invest in our proprietary devices, and satisfy our contingent  payment obligations related to the successful acquisition of  Southern Lights Biomaterials. Investments in our commercial organisation last year have begun  to deliver results. While the sales cycles in our core business can  be from 12–18 months, we have seen the early benefits with nine  new agreements during the year under review, mostly towards the  end of the period. Critically, we hired our new VP Global Sales and  Marketing, Brad Selman, to continue this momentum and develop  and lead the commercial team to deliver accelerated growth over  the next few years. Another key executive team position filled was the new General  Manager of Collagen Solutions New Zealand (formerly Southern  Lights Biomaterials), Kevin Darling. Kevin’s strong commercial and  operational background has been key to continuing the momentum  of the New Zealand business, especially as we see greater growth  opportunities in our tissue business. Finally, we prioritised and initiated three projects related to our  proprietary products platform, as well as strengthening our R&D  leadership by appointing Chris Wattengel, VP Global Research and  Development. Chris’ experience in medical device development,  regulatory approvals, intellectual property and biomaterials will  be vital to ensuring the success of these programmes.  Revenue growth Revenue