 Performance Highlights Page 6 Chesterfield Key  Operational boundary   Water service  Operational boundary   Sewerage service Skipton Bradford Leeds Wakefield Selby York Hull Bridlington Filey Scarborough Malton Northallerton Leyburn Harrogate Sheffield Doncaster Goole Withernsea Page 8 Chairman’s Statement Good progress was made  over the past year to further  improve the operational and  financial performance of  the Company, as well as the  quality of customer services  we provide.  Enhancing customer service In 2016/17, we met or exceeded 24 of our 26 Performance  Commitments – the priorities we agreed with our customers,  stakeholders and regulators at the last Price Review. For  example, we met our annual leakage reduction target,  reduced the number of serious pollution incidents and  continued to deliver excellent quality drinking water. We achieved our highest ever score in the water industry’s  comparative assessment for customer service, Ofwat’s Service  Incentive Mechanism (SIM). We were also recognised as a  leader in service by being ranked second of all the utilities in  the renowned, cross-sector, UK Customer Service Index. Also pleasing was the fact that we achieved the maximum five  star rating in Business in The Community’s annual Corporate  Responsibility Index, which externally benchmarks responsible  business practices amongst companies across the UK. This solid performance was delivered against the backdrop of  transformational change as we separated Yorkshire Water into  retail and wholesale entities to make the successful transition  to the new non-household retail market on 1 April 2017.  Both Yorkshire Water and our new retail arm, Yorkshire Water  Business Services, are performing well in the new  market place.  Investing for the future Excellent progress was made over the past 12 months to  recover those assets damaged by the floods of late 2015.  We remain on course to deliver the customer and  environmental benefits of our £3.8 billion investment  programme in the period 2015 to 2020. I welcomed Board approval of significant new investment  in the Company’s sludge treatment capabilities, with major  new anaerobic digestion facilities to be built at two of  the Company’s key sites in Leeds and Huddersfield. This  will ensure the more effective, efficient and sustainable  management of sludge in the Yorkshire region for decades to  come, as well as making us more self-sufficient in renewable  energy generation. Improving health and safety We have continued to further improve health, safety and  wellbeing across the Company, its contractor base and supply  chain. During 2016/17, a new Director of Health and Safety  was appointed and a new safety improvement strategy  approved by the Board. Working closely with Trade Unions,  ten new Life-Saving Rules were established and a range of  initiatives undertaken to further understand and address the  Company’s key operational and process safety risks. Looking ahead In the coming months, the Board will play a significant role in  the development of the Company’s new business plan for the  period 2020 Introductions – Strategic Report – Governance – Independent Auditors’ Report – Statutory Financial Statements Chief Executive’s Overview Good progress This has been a positive year for Yorkshire Water and its  customers as we continue to make good progress towards  the delivery of our five-year business plan for the period 2015  to 2020. Our focus has continued to be on the affordable,  efficient and safe delivery of excellent customer services,   while fulfilling our environmental and social responsibilities. I would like to pay tribute to our colleagues who continue  to demonstrate great skill and diligence. As well as their  day-to-day duties, many colleagues have also been involved  in implementation of major new change initiatives, including  wholesale upgrades to the Company’s information technology  and work management systems. Our colleagues have shown  a real willingness to change to provide a more effective and  efficient service, with colleague satisfaction remaining  high at 78%. Being awarded a maximum five stars in Business in The  Community’s Corporate Responsibility Index is a positive  indication that we are striking the right balance between   the demands of our many stakeholders as well as the   needs of both the short and long-term. Demonstrating resilience Despite our strong performance, we are not complacent.  Our commitments and ambitions get more stretching over  the remainder of the current Asset Management Period (AMP)  and the resilience of our business continues to be tested  frequently. I am proud to say the Company and colleagues  have responded well to the challenges presented in 2016/17. For example, following the floods of late 2015 we have  continued to make excellent progress towards recovering  the pipes, pumping stations and treatment works that were  damaged by the winter deluge. The flooding contributed to  a reduction in compliance with our waste water treatment  works discharge permits down from 99.32% to 97.61%. In addition, flood damage to our thermal hydrolysis plant in  Bradford caused us to miss our Performance Commitment  for renewable energy generation. I am pleased to report that  the plant is now performing well and we expect to meet our  future energy generation targets, and exceed them by 2020. We have gone beyond the simple recovery of our assets. In  February, we announced a new natural flood management  plan for the Calder Valley where various flood management  initiatives will be implemented over the next ten years,  including the planting of 200,000 trees to ‘slow the flow’   from moorland catchments above Gorpley Reservoir.   This forms part of a multi-agency response to the flooding  issues faced by local communities. Collaboration has always been, and remains, a key part of  the Company’s values and we are working closely with local