 6 Highlights  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS · Revenue growth of 17% to £89.6m (2016: £76.3m)  - Cloud Services segment organic revenue growth of 10% (2016: 9%) · Adjusted EBITDA 1  growth of 13% to £36.6m (2016: £32.3m) · Adjusted profit before tax growth 2  of 18% to £22.4m (2016: £19.0m) · Adjusted diluted earnings per share 3  from operations increased by 18% to 16.99p (2016: 14.44p) · Cashflow from operations increased by 22% to £37.8m (2016: £30.9m) · Adjusted profit before tax 2  margins maintained at 25% (2016: 25%) · Proposed final dividend increased by 90% to 6.00p per share (2016: 3.15p per share)  OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS · Acquisition of Cristie Data during the year for a net consideration of £0.7m · Acquisition of Dediserve post year end for a consideration of €7.9m · Further investment in skills and accreditations to support broadening service offering · Strengthened relationships with Hypercloud vendors  Statutory Equivalents The above highlights are based on adjusted results. A full reconciliation between adjusted and  statutory results is contained within this statement. The statutory equivalents of the above results are  as follows: · Profit before tax growth of 13% to £14.7m (2016: £13.0m) · Basic earnings per share from operations increased by 9% to 11.27p (2016: 10.32p) 1 Throughout these financial statements adjusted EBITDA is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) before share based payment charges, acquisition costs and in the previous  year the gain on revaluation of contingent consideration. Throughout these financial statements acquisition costs are defined as acquisition related costs and non-recurring acquisition integration costs.  2 Throughout these financial statements adjusted profit before tax is profit before tax, amortisation charges on acquired intangible assets, share based payment charges, mark to market adjustments  in respect of interest rate swaps, acquisition costs, interest on contingent consideration due and in the previous year the gain on revaluation of contingent consideration and the accelerated write off of  arrangement fees on the bank borrowing facility which was restructured in the 7 We have once again seen another year of excellent performance for our shareholders. Not only have we maintained our  relative level of organic growth in our Cloud Services segment, our Easyspace segment has also returned to organic growth  after declining a little last year.  Both of those elements of organic growth plus the acquisition of Cristie during the year, which we have allocated to a new Non- recurring Revenue segment, together with the full year contributions of SystemsUp and United Hosting has meant we have  maintained our overall level of revenue growth for the year. In May, after the end of our financial year we purchased Dediserve  and we believe that there will be other opportunities to allow us to continue to add to our organic growth through acquisition. We have again enjoyed a substantial increase in profitability over the year, driven by that organic and acquisitive revenue  growth. All of this progress is a result of a great deal of hard work by our executives and staff and I thank them all on behalf of the Board  and the shareholders for their efforts over the year. Sarah Haran, who has served as an executive director of iomart throughout the time the Group has been listed on AIM, decided  to step down from the Board at the end of this financial year. She has given many years of loyal and valuable service to the  Group and on behalf of all shareholders I thank her warmly for her service. After nearly 6 years of first class commitment and service, Crawford Beveridge has chosen not to stand for re-election as  Non-Executive Director at our forthcoming Annual General Meeting. Both personally and on behalf of everyone connected  with the Group, I want to thank him for his valuable contribution to the development of iomart over the years. The search for  a replacement for Crawford is at an advanced stage and we expect to be in a position to 8 iomart Group plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Cloud Services  Revenues in this segment have grown by 11% to £72.7m (2016: £65.4m) partly as a result of the continued organic growth and as a  result of acquisitions. Organic growth in the year was 10%, slightly above the level of 9% we have delivered in our last two financial years  and our adjusted EBITDA percentage margin continues to be amongst the highest in the industry. Through our iomart Cloud unit we provide complex hosting solutions, involving private, public and hybrid cloud solutions with  customers typically paying for these services on a monthly basis on contracts ranging from one to three years in length. Our churn  levels in this unit have stabilised and are in line with that experienced last year. Our server infrastructure business, delivering dedicated physical servers to customers, is run as one unit encompassing the RapidSwitch  and Redstation brands. We manage many thousands of physical servers for our customers using highly automated systems and  processes which we continue to develop and improve.  Our Back-up and Disaster Recovery specialism is primarily sold through Backup Technology. SystemsUp provides consultancy services to organisations, particularly in the public sector, helping them to decide on their cloud  strategy with an emphasis on the public cloud. Having a consultancy division within the Group allows us to engage at an earlier stage  with organisations considering their cloud strategy and provides the opportunity to leverage the provision of those consultancy services  to gain recurring revenue through the deployment of cloud solutions. However, unlike our other activities within the Cloud Services  segment there is less recurring revenue generated from consultancy services and this area has not performed as predicted during  the year and in future we will be more prudent in projecting the revenues which we expect to generate to recognise the difficulty