  page 01 in this section Read about how we manage  our Company and maintain  high standards  page 42 in this section See how we are performing  in light of developments  in the past year  page 79 in this section Find additional   information about us  page 134 01: Strategic Report 02: Governance 03: Financial Statements 04: Company Information Oxford Instruments plc Report and Financial Statements 2017 01 2017 Highlights It has been a year of structural, operational   and strategic transition for the Group. 2016 2017 319.7 348.5 £348.5m 9.0% 2017 2016 336.1 350.7 £350.7m 4.3% 2017 2016 13.0 13.0 13.0p 2017 2016 45.3 47.8 36.0 47.8p 5.5% 2016 33.6 £36.0m 7. 1% Revenue  (£m) Orders  (£m) Continuing adjusted earnings   per share 1  (p) Dividend per share   (p) Adjusted profit before tax 1   (£m) Highlights include: • Reported revenue up 9.0%,   down 3.7% at constant currency • Adjusted profit before tax  up 7.1%, in line with our  expectations • Net debt of £109.3 million  (2016: £128.2 million), with  leverage of 2.1 times reflecting  good cash conversion and the  sale of Oxford Superconducting  Technology (2016: 2.3 times) • Horizon strategy underway,  focused on markets with  long‑term growth drivers where  the Group can be market leader • Completed disposal of Oxford  Superconducting Technology,  and announced sale of  Industrial Analysis • Increased adjusted profit before  tax on a continuing basis in  NanoTechnology Tools and  Industrial Products more than  offset a fall in Service 1. Throughout these Financial Statements we make reference to adjusted numbers. These are presented as, in the opinion of the Directors, they present a clearer picture of the business performance.  A full definition of adjusted numbers can be found in Note 1. Where we make reference to organic numbers these exclude the effect of acquisitions www.oxford-instruments.com/offices 04 Oxford Instruments plc Report and Financial Statements 2017 This is my first review as Chairman of Oxford  Instruments plc, a position I am delighted to  have taken on at our AGM in September.  It has been a year of structural, operational  and strategic transition for the Group. We  have a new and energised senior executive  team led by Ian Barkshire and Gavin Hill.  They have acted with impressive decisiveness  in embedding a number of changes in our  operating teams to raise the talent bar across  our business. We have also made good progress in  developing and implementing the new  Horizon strategy to reposition our Group  for long‑term sustainable growth. This has  seen some significant actions to manage  our portfolio of businesses with the aim of  accelerating our delivery of shareholder value.  In November, we announced the disposal of  our underperforming wire business, Oxford  Superconducting Technology, and since the  year end, we have announced the agreed sale  of our Industrial Analysis business to Hitachi  High‑Technologies.  Chairman’s Statement As Ian Barkshire sets out in his Chief  Executive’s Review, the management  team is now implementing the next phase  of the Horizon strategy to continue the  transformation of Oxford Instruments. This is  focused around the two anchors of returning  to sustainable growth and improving margins  by concentrating on market segments with  long‑term growth drivers where we have  the potential to become the market leader. The business delivered a stable performance in line   with our expectations against an extremely challenging  market backdrop. We have made good  progress in developing  and implementing the  new Horizon strategy. Our governance principles Leadership The Chairman is  responsible for leadership  of the Board and ensuring  its effectiveness on all  aspects of its role. Effectiveness This year, NanoScience’s Triton refrigeration system. Andor’s Dragonfly 3D microscopy platform, which was launched earlier in the year. 06 Oxford Instruments plc Report and Financial Statements 2017 Chief Executive’s Review I am encouraged by the  performance of the Group  during my first year as Chief  Executive, having made good  progress in strengthening the  business and positioning it for  the future. The year has been  one of transition with a new  strategy, associated portfolio  changes and the formation   of a new leadership team. The most notable strategic development has  been the launch of the Horizon strategy, our  transformational programme for the Group,  which will drive both our future direction and  our operational model. Horizon will build on  our strengths, brand and innovation heritage  and has the following key elements:  • We will focus our investment on market  segments where nanotechnology drives  long‑term growth for our customers  and where we can maintain or develop  leadership positions. • We will migrate to being a more  commercially focused, market‑driven  Group by maintaining our heritage in  supporting fundamental research whilst  increasing our focus on products for  applied R&D and the commercialisation  of nanotechnology.  • We will drive the delivery of synergies and  enhanced collaboration. For example, in  R&D we will prioritise our high‑impact  projects and resource them from across  the Group. • We will evolve our existing “tools and  service” model and move up the value  chain by providing our customers with  enhanced solutions, information and  support that will drive advances in  innovation and productivity.  • We will transform our operational model  to embed consistency and excellence  across our businesses, measured by clearly  defined core capabilities that will enhance  our competitive advantage.  Over the past ten years, Oxford Instruments  has focused on being a leading provider