 107  Notes to the financial statements Additional information 156 Business analysis – Group 160 Business analysis – London 161 Business analysis – Retail 162 Sustainability reporting 168 Combined Portfolio analysis 170 Lease lengths 171  Development pipeline and trading property  development schemes 172 Alternative performance measures 172 Five year summary 174  Acquisitions, disposals and   capital expenditure 175 Remuneration policy 180 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 183 Shareholder information 186 Key contacts and advisers 187 Glossary IBC Cautionary statement A breath of  fresh air 2 Landsec Annual Report 2017 We design our buildings to be healthy, efficient  and productive spaces. Which is why our  ventilation system at The Zig Zag Building  supplies air as fresh as you’d find at the coast.  At Bluewater, our upgraded system is so  effective we’ve turned off the air conditioning.  That’s cut costs and energy use, and helps make  the place even more inviting for visitors. 3 Landsec Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report This year brought political, social and  economic uncertainty. That affected our  markets, weakening demand for space.  Put simply , our markets don’t know  what’s next. In London, the office market reached  a turning point. Supply-constrained  conditions eased and the vacancy rate  rose, with the Brexit vote a catalyst   for change. In the retail sector, a range of factors  impacted retailers’ confidence, from   the threat of cost inflation to online  sales growth. But we also saw opportunities.  Successful businesses continued to look  for innovative, technically resilient space  in London. And in retail, there remained  continued demand from dynamic brands  for new and repurposed space in the   best locations. Our year 4 Landsec Annual Report 2017 We also saw the continuation of  four long-term trends – each driven  by expectation, each creating  opportunities for us: Smart office occupiers expect   their work environment to deliver  business benefits. That includes  operational efficiency, but it’s also  about attracting, inspiring and  enabling talent. People expect more from their shopping  experience. Destination centres must   go way beyond convenience and choice  and provide a truly memorable day   (and night ) out. People also expect the best  businesses to lead on creating better  environmental and social outcomes.  That means recognising the deeper,  long-term effects of decisions  and actions. And talented employees expect a  great career experience. Which is why  a compelling employer brand is an  increasingly valuable asset. Designed with care We work to create memorable  customer experiences while  minimising our impact. For  example, at 1 New Street Square  16 Landsec Annual Report 2017 Landsec is in a great position. We have a  portfolio of first-class assets combined with  historically low levels of operational and   financial gearing at a time of geopolitical   and economic uncertainty.  We’ve largely completed and let our  speculative development programme. Despite  being net sellers in the previous year, revenue  profit is up 5.5% to £382m and adjusted diluted  earnings per share are up 5.7% to 48.3p. Our  adjusted diluted net asset value per share is  down marginally to 1,417p. Our Combined  Portfolio is valued at £14.4bn and, with adjusted  net debt broadly unchanged over the year  at £3.3bn, our loan-to-value is 22.2%. We’ve  reduced our cost of debt and have access to the  funds needed to buy when opportunities appear.  Despite uncertainty in the outside world, we  remain confident of our core strengths inside  the Company and we’re recommending a final  dividend of 11.7p – raising the dividend for the  year by 10.1%. Market environment Put simply, our markets remain in good health  but they’ve paused for breath. In the London office market, we expected  the occupational balance to shift from demand  to supply during the course of 2017. The Brexit  vote brought that inflexion point forward. In last  year’s report, I said a vote to leave the EU would  create business uncertainty, leading to lower  occupational demand, falling rental values and  a reduction in construction commitments. This  is happening, though less than we expected.  Overall, the UK economy continued to perform  well during the year. In the retail market, the effect of the  referendum was less clear-cut although, faced  with pressure on disposable income, shoppers  have started to show more caution. Retailers  were a little slower to take up new space during  the year but we continued to see opportunities  to meet the ever-evolving needs of the most  successful brands. We won’t be sure of the long-term  effect of Brexit on our markets for some time.  Negotiations with the EU can only begin in  earnest after the general election. Although  the business community remains in uncharted  territory, that doesn’t mean we should wait  for change to happen to us. We’re taking  this time to prepare the business for the  opportunities and challenges we see ahead. We hope the new government can give  businesses as much certainty as possible on  areas including tax, regulation, access to skilled  labour and public spending such as investment  in infrastructure – including desperately needed  homes. A clear and ambitious strategy for  improving digital connectivity would have  a particularly powerful impact. Robert Noel reports on  our performance during  the year and shares his  outlook for the next   12 months. 17 Landsec Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report First class portfolio  The foundations of the business are rock solid,  underpinned by our resilient portfolio and low  leverage.  In London,