 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 16 The diversification of our veterinary  business has continued with the  acquisitions of Eye Vet Referrals and Dick   White Referrals, bringing the number of  specialist referral centres in the Group   to four. Joining Northwest Veterinary  Specialists and Anderson Moores, The  Eye Vet is a dedicated ophthalmology  practice, while Dick White Referrals is one  of the largest specialist veterinary centres  in Europe, offering outstanding levels of  clinical care in state-of-the-art facilities.  We have identified opportunities to  expand our network of specialist referral  centres to give us nationwide coverage  and to maximise this opportunity we have  established a new Specialist Division  alongside our existing First Opinion  Division in the expanded Vet Group.  Management  Following the appointment of Ian Kellett  as Group Chief Executive in April 2016,   we appointed Mike Iddon as Group Chief  Financial Officer in October 2016. Mike  joined the Group from New Look, where  he had been the Chief Financial Officer.  He has a wealth of experience in the   retail sector having previously held senior  finance positions at Tesco plc. He  qualified as a Chartered Accountant  with Arthur Andersen. As a consequence  of Mike’s appointment, Mark Adams,   who had been an excellent Interim   Chief Financial Officer, left the Group in  November 2016. I would like to welcome  Mike to the business and to thank Mark  for his stewardship as Interim CFO. We recognise the significant potential   that exists for the Group, particularly   in the veterinary sector, and have  therefore made a number of changes   to the responsibilities of our Executive  Management Team to give us better   focus as we enter the new financial   year. Sally Hopson, who was CEO of our  Services Division, will exclusively drive   the development of our Vet Group. Peter  Pritchard, CEO of our Retail Division, will  assume responsibility for Grooming, while  pet insurance services transfers to Mike  Iddon, CFO. Louise Stonier will extend   her remit to cover people in a new role   as Chief People and Legal Officer.  Colleagues It is a shared passion for pets that forms  the special bond between our business,  our colleagues and our customers. I would  again like to thank all our colleagues, in  every part of the business, for their hard  work and dedication in a more challenging  economic environment.  With the adoption of the National Living  Wage we made no distinction between  colleagues based on age alone and we  have maintained our Earn As You Learn  approach which rewards retail colleagues  further as they develop their knowledge   and specialism. In Grooming we saw our 2 Refers to the 16 week period from 26 Jan – 18 May 2017.  ◊  FY16 comparative information presented on a 52 week  basis. For reconciliation to a 53 week statutory basis see  page 179. †  Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) are defined and  reconciled to IFRS information, where possible, on page 179. Our Vet Group transacted more than  £260m  in total customer revenues during the year We will roll out  40–50  vet practices in the coming year Pets at Home Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 18 opinion business, mature practices grew  their customer revenues at 8% ◊ , ahead  of the market rate of around 5%. We now  have over 100 mature practices that are  on average delivering income to the  Group of more than £160,000 per year.  Combined with our maturing practices,  this translated into strong total JV practice  income of £47.1m, up 24.6%.  The average age of a practice in our Group is  less than five years, when maturity is typically  reached at eight years post opening; and  having already invested the majority of cost  required to support their future growth, there  is an inherent embedded profit upside in the  current portfolio.  Our newer specialist referral centres also  performed well and their integration is  delivering group benefits through the sharing  of best practice and leveraging scale. In the year ahead, to accelerate growth in  the existing practices, we will increase the  number of practices with extended opening  hours, invest further in marketing to  increase brand awareness and customer  care plan participation. And we continue  to explore opportunities in the market that  will deliver growth to our first opinion and  referral businesses, whilst retaining a  disciplined approach to capital allocation.  Omnichannel capabilities growing  Our online business performed very well  during the year, growing revenues at 53%.  The convenience of our UK wide store  footprint remains, with almost half the  revenue of online orders delivered for  customer pickup in-store. Alongside our  ongoing improvements in website customer  experience, there were a number of major  initiatives launched this year: Order in-store: our colleagues can now  place an order for all the products in our  extended online range from their PetPads.  This gives store customers easy access  to even more of our range and has already  delivered over £2m in revenue since its  launch at the end of the financial year,  which we believe is driving incremental  sales.  Our first subscription service: ‘Subscribe  & Save flea treatment’ exclusively for VIP  members, allows customers to receive  a single flea treatment through the post  each month, which acts as a convenient  reminder to treat their dog or cat. The 