 4 Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Group at a Glance Overview The Group operates across the breadth   of the waste management value chain,  including the collection, treatment, processing  and disposal of waste and recyclable  materials, as well as the production and  sale of energy derived from waste and  the sale of recovered commodities such   as paper, glass, metals and plastic. The Group’s services are organised   across four operating divisions:   Industrial & Commercial (I&C);   Municipal; Resource Recovery   & Treatment (RR&T); and Energy. The I&C division provides services to  corporate, industrial, commercial and public  sector customers, including waste and  recyclables collection, sorting, processing  and transfer of materials for reprocessing,  energy recovery or disposal.  Our four operating divisions Industrial & Commercial  (I&C) Key facts Comprehensive UK national network • Over 95% UK postcode coverage • Critical mass of 65 depots, and 29 waste  transfer stations and processing facilities • Over 1, 100 front line vehicles and   2,700 employees Broad service offering • Collections: scheduled, on demand and  reactive nationwide collections of all major  categories of waste, including general  waste; mixed and segregated recyclables;  food waste and other services including  confidential and clinical waste • On-site waste management   and consultancy • Producer responsibility   compliance services Customer breakdown • 72,000 customers • National multi-site customers: UK wide  coverage allows access to high contract  value corporate customers who typically  require services across their entire estate  The Group operates  across the breadth of  the waste management  supply chain 5 www.biffa.co.uk Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Overview The Municipal division offers household  waste and recycling collection and  associated services on behalf of 8 Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Chairman’s Letter Dear Shareholder It is a pleasure to introduce Biffa’s first annual  report, following the Group’s return to the  public markets in October 2016. This was  achieved in uncertain IPO market conditions  in the aftermath of the widely unexpected  Brexit result. The confidence shown in Biffa  by existing and new shareholders alike was  therefore hugely gratifying. The Group Executive Team, ably led by CEO  Ian Wakelin, have transformed the Group’s  prospects in recent years; a relentless focus  on customer retention and acquisition,  operational delivery and safety has resulted   in consistent improvements in profitability.  A detailed business plan is in place to  continue to drive Biffa’s growth over the  coming years, both organically and through   a selective pipeline of synergistic acquisitions  in markets that we thoroughly understand.  Biffa has an experienced and highly  respected management team, around 7500  dedicated employees and now also the  capital structure is in place to continue to  evolve the business over the coming years. Biffa is in a good financial position, with a robust balance sheet and  good cash generation Steve Marshall – Chairman Performance The Group has delivered good full year  results, which were fully in line with the  Board’s expectations at the time of the IPO.  Revenues of £990.4m were 6.8% ahead   of prior year and Net Revenues 1  rose 8.3%   to £898.8m, driven by growth in our I&C,  Municipal and RR&T divisions. Underlying  Operating Profit 1  rose 18. 1% to £73.8m   with the Underlying Operating Profit margin  increasing to 7 .5% from 6.7%, reflecting   our ongoing focus on the optimisation of  operations on pages 10 to 1 1 of this report covers the  business performance across the Group in  some detail, and also our strategic priorities.   The Group’s financial reporting for the   past year is made more complex by the  refinancing and exceptional costs associated  with the IPO. These and certain other items  resulted in the Group reporting a statutory  loss after tax of £10.9m (prior year £5. 1m)  as explained in Michael Topham’s Financial  Review on pages 24 to 25. As a result of  these other items, the commentary in the  Operating Review on pages 20 to 23 has  utilised underlying performance measures.   For our full year results, please go to   ww.biffa.co.uk/results–2017 1  See glossary 9 www.biffa.co.uk Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report The Board of Biffa considers that health,  safety and wellbeing is the highest priority  within the business and is committed to  keeping our people, our customers and   the public safe by promoting high standards  on all our sites, premises, and in all our  activities detailed in pages 34 and 35 of this  report. In the year, key safety performance  measures, including statutory RIDDOR and  Lost Time Injury (LTI) 1  continued a long-term  trend of improvement, equating to a three-fold  reduction in accident rates over the past   five years.  Board, Corporate Governance   and Employees Your Board believes that the effective  stewardship of the Group is enhanced   by the wealth of experience and range of  expertise of its members. Together, we are  committed to building a stronger Group for  the future and delivering sustainable value   to our shareholders and improving services   for customers.  Our Governance Report sets out and  explains the processes we have put in place  to deliver long-term success whilst also  ensuring that the Group complies with all  applicable laws and regulations, and meets  the requirements of our shareholders and their representative bodies. Ahead of the IPO in October 2016, we were  pleased