 Financial highlights Revenue £461.7m 2016: £454.5m Adjusted EBITDA* 1 £97.4m 2016: £96.4m Adjusted operating profit* 2 £70.7m 2016: £70.4m Adjusted basic earnings   per share* 3 47. 1p 2016: 48.1p Dividend per share 25.0p 2016: 25.0p Reported EBITDA 4 £96.0m 2016: £92.8m Reported operating profit £70.2m 2016: £66.8m Reported basic earnings per share  from continuing operations 47.2p 2016: 46.8p Philip Rogerson Chairman The Group delivered  good results in 2016/17 .  The strategic plan set out  by the management team  in May 2015 is progressing  well. Identity Solutions and  Product Authentication  businesses delivered strong  revenue and operating profit  growth, further improving  and diversifying our  business mix. * This is an non-IFRS measure. See further explanations  and reconciliations to the comparable IFRS measures  on pages 153 to 154. ‘Reported’ measures are on  an IFRS basis. 1  Adjusted EBITDA represents earnings from continuing  operations before the deduction of interest, tax,  depreciation, amortisation and exceptional items. 2  Adjusted operating profit represents operating profit from  continuing operations adjusted to exclude exceptional  items and amortisation of acquired intangible assets. 3  Adjusted earnings per share are the earnings attributable  to equity shareholders, excluding exceptional items,  amortisation of acquired intangible assets and  discontinued operations divided by the weighted average  number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year  excluding those held in the employee share trust. 4  Continuing operations only. 2  De La Rue  Annual Report 2017 I am delighted to report that the Group  has delivered good results in 2016/17. Strategic progress The strategic plan set out by the  management team in May 2015 is  progressing well. Identity Solutions and  Product Authentication businesses  delivered strong revenue and operating  profit growth, further improving and  diversifying our business mix, while  the currency business performed  with resilience. In January 2017, we completed our first  acquisition and Executive Director, has informed the  Board of his intention to step down from  the Board after the AGM on 20 July 2017.  We are grateful for his contribution and  wish him well for his future. The position  will be replaced by the newly created role  of Chief Operations Director which will  not be a Board position. A search has  commenced to identify suitable internal  and external candidates. Culture and people We are committed to fostering a  dynamic, agile and high performing  culture that drives the growth of the  business. Our people are critical to the  successful execution of our strategy and  to fulfilling our purpose. We continue to  engage with and invest in our people  through training and development. In December 2016, we undertook an  employee survey and were delighted  that 85% of our colleagues participated  and provided us with their feedback.  While the results of the survey were  highly encouraging, we recognise  we have more to do in a number of  areas and the survey provides us with  invaluable insights to act upon.  142 Countries exported to in the last three years. 3,150 We employ around 3,150 people worldwide. Our people are committed to serving  our customers and are often the  difference between De La Rue and our  competitors. In 2016/17, they managed  to deliver high volumes in both print  and paper despite the disruptions from  the footprint restructuring programme.  On behalf of the Board, I would like  to thank them for their continued  commitment and dedication.  Corporate responsibility I am proud that we have signed the UN Chief Executive Officer’s review  Martin Sutherland Chief Executive Officer 1  to  6  Strategic priorities, see page 20 1   to   17    UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs),   see page 43 22  De La Rue  Annual Report 2017 Watch the interview with CEO Martin Sutherland   www.delarue.com/about-us/our-strategy We are also creating a leaner and  more agile organisation. We began  changing our systems and processes  in 2015/16 and are now upgrading our  finance and management information  systems to increase efficiency and  improve decision-making. We have  also significantly improved a number  of commercial processes which have  shortened our timescales to submit  bids and win new business. 3   Diversifying revenues More than half of the Group’s revenue is  generated from Banknote Print and Paper.  In order to diversify our revenue streams  and benefit from a more balanced product  mix, we have increased investment in  areas with potential for high growth – such  as Polymer and Identity Solutions – or high  profitability, including Security Features  and Product Authentication & Traceability  (PA&T). We also aim to increase recurring  revenues from software solutions and  services. In addition, our focus on long  term agreements will help to reduce  volatility in banknote earnings caused  primarily by unpredictable demand.  To grow our sales pipeline, we are  targeting direct sales of product  components to state print works  (SPWs), system integrators and other  commercial printers. Our renewed focus  on direct sales will not only increase  our addressable market, but also even  out the peaks and troughs we experience  in orders for finished products. We aim to maximise internal synergies  by leveraging our existing products.  In addition, we also aim to build stronger  customer relationships via a network  of new regional offices and a direct sales  force, reducing reliance on third party  partners. During the year, we set up sales  hubs in Dubai and Miami and relocated  sales staff to be closer to our