 02 Strategic Report The world is changing faster   than at any time Convenience, speed and flexibility are key   in today’s retail environment. Our strategy  is to sell products whenever and wherever  customers want. Our supermarkets offer customers a comprehensive mix of food,  general merchandise and clothing. Our smaller convenience stores  are located where our customers live and work, with a product mix  designed for regular top-up shopping and to meet their day-to- day needs.  We have a well-established and growing online offer that allows  customers to shop from the comfort of their home, or on the go via  a mobile phone or tablet, opting for either convenient delivery to  their home or to Click & Collect from our stores.  Our acquisition of Home Retail Group plc has accelerated our  strategy. Customers now have access to Argos products, market- leading Argos digital channels and delivery systems. Argos’s  unique Hub and Spoke supply chain network and Fast Track  delivery and collection service are points of competitive advantage.  Read more about our market context on page 6 Whenever and wherever 10% 151 Groceries Online Click   & Collect points 26 m+ weekly customer  transactions 809 Convenience  stores 207 Digital Collection points   for Tu clothing, eBay, DPD  and, in 90 stores, Argos 276,000 Average number of   customer orders made  through Groceries Online  channel per week   of Groceries Online  orders made   through new app  59 Argos Digital stores  in Sainsbury’s  supermarkets 11 Habitat stores, including   four standalone and   seven Mini Habitats in  Sainsbury’s 605 Sainsbury’s  supermarkets * All numbers are correct 08 Strategic Report Food is at the heart of our business. We  continue to improve the quality and ranging  of our grocery offer and with great products  at fair prices, we have a clearly differentiated  proposition in an increasingly competitive  market. With the acquisition of Home Retail  Group plc, owner of Argos (including Argos  Financial Services) and Habitat, we have  created one of the UK’s leading retailers in  food, general merchandise, clothing and  financial services providing customers with  a choice, breadth and quality of product  whenever and wherever they shop with us.  We have also successfully implemented a  new banking platform and introduced new  products and services at Sainsbury’s Bank  which are generating increased customer  demand.  These changes are all in line with the  five pillars of the strategy we outlined in  November 2014 (see page 11). By knowing our  customers well and anticipating what they  want, we will help to make their lives easier  every day and achieve our vision of being the  most trusted retailer where people love to  work and shop.  In the competitive market conditions of the  last 12 months, underlying profit before tax,  which includes the Argos contribution from  2 September 2016, was £581 million, down  one per cent. Underlying basic earnings per  share were down 9.9 per cent to 21.8 pence  per share. The last three years have been  challenging for grocery retailers and the full  impact of the vote to leave the European  Union remains uncertain. However, we are  pleased with the resilience of our business  and the progress we are making with our  strategy against this backdrop.  Acquisition of Home Retail  Group plc In September, we completed the acquisition  of 10 Strategic Report This has been a pivotal year for Sainsbury’s.  The strategy we set out in November  2014 was designed to address a changing  marketplace and the investments we  have made in our core Food business  differentiated us through our combination  of quality, choice and value. We will continue  to enhance our food proposition further and  to grow our General Merchandise, Clothing  and Financial Services businesses. We  welcomed 30,000 colleagues to our business  in September when we acquired Home Retail  Group plc – owner of Argos and Habitat.  The acquisition will accelerate our strategy  and gives us a strong platform to deliver  synergies and future growth.  The retail market remains very competitive.  Underlying profit before tax for the Group  is £581 million, down one per cent, and Group  sales are £29,112 million, up 12.7 per cent on  last year. These numbers reflect the positive  contribution made by Argos to the Group.  Sainsbury’s market share dropped by 23 basis  points to 16.3 per cent and, while like-for-like  sales are down 0.6 per cent, this is an  improvement on last year, demonstrating  the resilience of our Food business in a  competitive market. Profits at Sainsbury’s  continue to be impacted by ongoing price  investment and cost price pressures. Our balance sheet is robust and we are  managing costs carefully. We are on track to  achieve our current cost saving target of £500  million by 2017/18 and we have committed  to a further three-year cost saving target  of £500 million from 2018/19. Net debt has  reduced by £349 million this year. Consistent  with our affordable dividend policy, this year’s  final dividend is 6.6 pence per share, bringing  the full-year dividend to 10.2 pence per share. A pivotal year Our goal is to make our customers’ lives  easier every day by offering great quality  products and services at fair prices. Food  is at the heart of what we do and we have  completed our programme to improve the  quality of 3,000 food lines that matter most  to our customers. We are now