 114 Independent auditors’  report to the members  of U and I Group PLC 1 2 1  C o n soli d a t e d  Statement of  Comprehensive  Income  1 2 2  C o n soli d a t e d B a l a n c e  Sheet  1 2 3  C o nsoli d a t e d  Statement of Changes  in Equity  1 2 4  C o nsoli d a t e d C a s h  Flow Statement 125  Notes to the  Consolidated financial  statements  1 7 8  I n d e p e n d e n t a u d i t o r s ’  report to the members  of U and I Group PLC 1 8 0  C o m p a n y B a l a n c e  Sheet 1 8 1  C o m p a n y S t a t e m e n t  of Changes in Equity 182  Notes to the Company  financial statements 1 9 5  F i na nc ia l c a l e nd a r  and advisors  EXISTS TO UNLOCK  POTENTIAL THROUGH  REGENERATION, DELIVERING  POSITIVE CHANGE FOR  COMMUNITIES AND  SUSTAINABLE VALUE   FOR SHAREHOLDERS...  U and I Group PLC  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 “OUR PERFORMANCE  OVER THE PAST YEAR  HIGHLIGHTS THE EXTENT  OF OUR AMBITIONS   AND OUR POTENTIAL   FOR THE FUTURE”  We are highly ambitious, not for ambition’s sake, but  because we are clear about the need for the regeneration   projects we create. We are proud of our ability to deliver  them and we understand the value, both financial and  social, that can be generated from them.  As our business expands and develops, the combination  of our operational focus and our financial model will  deliver consistent, long-term value, driven by a dynamic  blend of development, trading and investment activity.  Matthew Weiner Chief Executive Officer WHY WE EXIST  We exist to create long-term  socio-economic benefit for   the communities in which we  work, delivering sustainable  returns to our shareholders WHAT WE DO  We are a specialist  regeneration developer   and investor that transforms  undervalued parts of towns  and cities into communities  where people and enterprise   can thrive DRIVEN BY OUR VALUES  Imagination: The creativity  and verve to unlock the   value within potential Intelligence: Sharp minds,  quick wits and forensic rigour Audacity: A brave spirit   and the confidence to   reconsider fundamentals Our role in the world Read more on p.14-15 Read more on p.7-9 MAINTAIN CAPITAL  EFFICIENCY Maintain capital  discipline and a strong  balance sheet with   a Chairman’s letter A SUSTAINABLE  AND SUCCESSFUL  BUSINESS Peter Williams photographed at U+I’s offices in Victoria, London 4 U and I Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017   This is my first statement as Chairman of U+I and I am  pleased to report another solid set of annual results.  We delivered a headline profit before tax and exceptional  items of £0.4 million and development and trading gains  of £35.0 million. These are profits realised from sales made  during the year that demonstrate U+I’s highly effective  origination activity, coupled with an ability to add value  through the planning and development process. The results are noteworthy, given the impact of the UK’s  decision to leave the EU, following the referendum in June  2016. In the months following that referendum, a pall of  uncertainty hung over the property market, as investment  decisions were delayed and activity stalled. More  normalised conditions have begun to return but the  environment remains unpredictable.  At U+I, however, we are optimistic about the future and  our ability to proactively drive value and generate strong  cash flows as evidenced by the Board declaring a third  consecutive supplemental dividend in addition to our  ordinary dividend.  There are strong grounds for our positive outlook, which  reflect why I am excited to be chairing this company. U+I  is distinctive. It stands out within the property sector both  in what it does and the way it does it. The Group takes a  creative approach to real estate. We dare to challenge the  status quo and, as a result, we win business that others  don’t and deliver results that others can’t.  With my background in cutting-edge retail, these are  attributes that I recognise and appreciate. They are already  helping U+I to generate momentum, as evidenced by the  four major regeneration projects that the Company won  last year. These will not only deliver sustainable value; they  are also an endorsement of U+I’s approach, strategy and  growing reputation among public sector decision-makers.  U+I’s focus on mixed-use regeneration makes sense on  many levels. It chimes with government policy to deliver  more homes and jobs, improve productivity and stimulate  local communities. It encourages better use of brownfield  and public land, which is in vast supply. It supports  pressurised local authorities and public bodies in their   drive to deliver the regeneration that their communities  need but with limited resource to do so. It responds to  consumer demand for mixed-use environments where they  can live, work, play and study. It delivers tangible socio- economic benefits and it creates value for shareholders.  It is particularly inspiring to see the way that the U+I team  approaches these projects. There is real care