 175 Glossary Whitbread Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 01 Overview Total revenue £3,106.0m   +8.2% Underlying profit before tax† £565.2m   +6.2%     m m m m     m m m m Cash generated from operations From £782.2m   to £860.1m Premier Inn & Restaurants   like for like sales†  Up 2.3% Costa UK Equity like for   like sales†  Up 2.0% Profit before tax  £515.4m   +5.7% Full-year dividend 95.80p  +6.0%     m m m m     p p p p Net debt† From £909.8m   to £890.0m Net assets From £2,404.7m   to £2,524.8m Group return on capital†  15.2%   -0.1%pts Underlying basic EPS†  246.48p   +6.0%             p p p p Prior year comparatives The financial year to 2 March 2017  was a 52-week year and the  financial year to 3 March 2016 was  53-week year. In order to provide   a clearer comparison throughout  this report, year-on-year growth   in numbers relating to revenue,  underlying profit and underlying  earnings per share are shown  using a 52-week comparative,  which excludes the final week  of the 2015/16 financial year.  All other statutory comparatives  and numbers shown at the balance  sheet date reflect the financial  statements and do not exclude  the 53rd week of the prior year. Performance measures   The performance of the Group   is monitored internally using   a variety of statutory measures  such as total revenue and profit  before tax and alternative  performance measures (APMs)  such as underlying profit before   Overview Whitbread Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 04 Strategic report Chairman’s statement Although the modern day  Whitbread is very different from  the original brewing business  founded by Samuel Whitbread in  1742, we are immensely proud of  our history and it is a great honour  for me and my colleagues on the  Board to play our own part in the  Whitbread story.  The links to our heritage remain strong.  Our base is still in Bedfordshire and   we are delighted to be able to welcome  members of the Whitbread family to   our Annual General Meeting each year,  whilst our core values of investing in   our Winning Teams and being a Force  for Good in our communities remain as  important to us today as they always  have been. We are very aware of our responsibility  to ensure that this great British company  continues to thrive and, as such, we are  focused both on driving growth and  managing risk to an appropriate level,  whilst exhibiting excellent corporate  governance. We operate a conservative  approach to the management of our  balance sheet and this provides us   with a solid base in turbulent and  changing times. Our Winning Teams are the key to our  success and I would like to thank our  50,000 employees for the fantastic  work they do in giving our customers   a great experience.  Consistent strategy I explained this time last year that the  fundamentals of our strategy, which   is to provide sustainable long-term  value for our shareholders by growing  our successful Premier Inn and Costa  brands, whilst delivering a good   return on capital, were unchanged.   This remains true today, as we continue  undaunted by political upheaval and  economic uncertainty. We have a clear plan and we have   made good progress against the three  Strategic report Whitbread Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 06 Strategic report Chief Executive’s review Whitbread has had another year   of strong growth and continued  investment with total Group sales  increasing 8.2% to £3.1 billion   and underlying basic earnings   per share increasing by 6.0%,  demonstrating the strength of our  core brands. Total basic earnings  per share increased by 7.3%. Strategic priorities In 2016/17 we made good progress   in delivering on our three strategic  priorities: to grow and innovate in our  core UK businesses; to focus on our  strengths to grow internationally; and   to build the capability and infrastructure  to support long-term growth. Premier Inn’s strong sales growth  benefitted from the 3,816 gross new   UK rooms we opened this year and the  accelerated maturity of the c.9,000  rooms we have opened over the last  two years. We delivered high customer  satisfaction by leading the market on  quality and value, achieved occupancy  of over 80% with record levels of direct  bookings at 94%, all of which supported  our strong return on capital. Costa opened 255 net new stores  worldwide and we continue to roll   out our successful and fast growing  Costa travel formats. Costa Express   had a great year installing over   1,500 machines of which 248 were in  international markets. We are innovating  to drive our sales growth and are  pleased with the investment we are  making to introduce ‘finer’ coffee  concepts, leveraging our new state   This is a significant year   in Whitbread’s history   as we celebrate our   275th anniversary I am delighted to be leading this great  British company at this historic time and,  with such a long and successful history,   it is right that we take a long-term view  of our business in order to safeguard   the Company’s future for