 10 N Brown Group plc   Annual Report & Accounts 2017 GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (%) GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (%) GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (%)  SECONDARY BRANDS TRADITIONAL SEGMENT FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (M) GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (M) GROUP REVENUE BREAKDOWN (M) Secondary Brands focus on distinct  customer niches which are not served  by our Power Brands. These brands  have significant customer loyalty, good  growth prospects and are increasingly  online. We view our Power Brands as  having the greatest growth potential  medium term, however, and therefore  our focus here is predominantly on our  existing customers. REVENUE GROWTH (%)  1.6% REVENUE PERFORMANCE (M) £155.2m The titles in this segment are focused  on serving our loyal, traditional and  typically more mature customers.  These customers tend to prefer  paper-based marketing, such as  catalogues and direct-mail offers.   This is an attractive and accessible  market, underserved by other retailers,  and whilst not a future growth driver  we generate a good financial return.  REVENUE GROWTH (%)  1.3% REVENUE PERFORMANCE (M) £134.2m An important part of our overall  proposition, strengthening customer  loyalty and enabling our retail business  to thrive. In order to offer our  customers excellent convenience and  choice, we allow customers to either  pay us immediately or utilise a credit  account for their purchases, spreading  the cost of their purchases over time. REVENUE GROWTH (%)  0.4% REVENUE PERFORMANCE (M) £260.5m  More detail p40 More detail p40 More detail p41 18% 15% 29% All revenue figures on this page are on a 52 week basis. For reconciliation to statutory 53 week figures please see page 44. N Brown Group plc   Annual Report & Accounts 2017 11 Strategic report A year of  encouraging  progress CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT 12 N Brown Group plc   Annual Report & Accounts 2017 BOARD DIVERSITY  Male Female 6 3 BOARD COMPOSITION  Non-Executive Directors 7 2 Executive Directors We continue to innovate and improve our  ways of working to ensure we continually  put the customer at the centre of  everything we do. We have a strong  business, with a loyal customer base and  good growth prospects.  Dividend  Whilst continuing to invest in the business  to secure our future growth, we also  continue to recognise the importance  of cash returns to our shareholders.  We intend to pay a final dividend of 8.56p  this year, taking the total dividend to  14.23p – unchanged from last year. Board composition  In October I was pleased to welcome  Richard Moross to the Board as a  Non-Executive Director. Richard is the  founder and CEO of Moo.com and brings  significant expertise in digital retailing  and technology.  Following her appointment to the board of  Newell Brands Inc in the USA, Fiona Laird  has indicated her intention to step down  from the Board as soon as a suitable  replacement has been found. External  consultants have been engaged and an  announcement will be made in due course. After 23 years’ service, Ivan Fallon has  indicated his intention to retire and he will  therefore not be seeking re-election to the  Board at this year’s AGM. The Board and I  would like to thank Ivan for his outstanding  contribution over many years and to wish  him well for the future. Outlook  The past year has seen unprecedented  changes in the macro-economic landscape  which remains challenging for retail. This  manifests itself in our cost prices through  inflation, particularly in fuel, our product  costs as a result of exchange rate changes,  and the disposable income of our  customers. Against this backdrop we  remain 18 N Brown Group plc   Annual Report & Accounts 2017 successfully turned around the  performance of our Traditional segment  during the year, with revenue down in  the first half but growing in the second. Our online metrics remain strong, with  new customers coming to us online  exceeding 75% for the first time.  71% of our traffic now comes from a  mobile device. Within this, smartphone  sessions – the device of choice for UK  consumers today – increased by 49%  to account for 46% of all traffic.  Our performance in FY17 overall was in line  with expectations. Spring Summer 2016  started poorly across the sector, but we  improved performance as we progressed  through the first half. The second half was  stronger, with a good Autumn Winter  season and two record-breaking weeks  for the business over Cyber fortnight. This  trend is visible in our profit performance,  with Adjusted PBT down 19 .8% in the first  half and flat in the second. Our size and age agnostic attitude, our  dedication to continuous improvement  in the customer experience and our  relentless focus on helping our customers  look and feel amazing through our trusted  family of fashion brands all put us in a  strong position. We look to the future  with confidence.  Angela Spindler Chief Executive +10% Online revenue  (52 week basis) +4.2% Ladieswear revenue  (52 week basis) We are pleased with the progress we  have made on our systems programme.  To date, we have successfully introduced  a new finance system, our new  Merchandise system, Cybersource and  PowerCurve, both important parts of  our Credit release, our Simply Be Euro  foundation site and, most recently,  our new USA website.  The next release, which represents a  major milestone in the programme, will  be the High & Mighty website, which  remains on track to replatform to Hybris