 4 Air Partner plc  |  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Overview Chairman’s statement The  Group  has  a  clear  long-term  strategy  to  become  a  world-class  global  aviation  services  group.  Great  progress  has  been  made  since  we  began  this  transformation  in  2014,  and  the  period  under  review  has  been  no  exception.  Indeed,  it  has  perhaps  been  the  most  active  and  successful  period  we  have  experienced  during  my  12  years  at  Air  Partner. I  am  pleased  to  report  a  strong  performance  for  the  year  ended  31  January  2017.  Gross  profit  rose  by  16.3%  to  £31.7m,  underlying  profit  before  tax  increased  by  17.2%  to  £5.1m  and  reported  profit  before  tax  by  38.6%  to  £4.3m. As  I  have  mentioned  in  prior  reports,  in  2014  we  took  a  thoughtful  and  critical  look  at  our  industry  to  evaluate  not  only  our  own  market  position,  but  the  challenges  and  opportunities  that  lie  ahead.  As  part  of  that  process,  we  undertook  an  extensive  programme  of  engagement  with  our  staff  and  customers  to  understand  not  only  their  needs,  but  their  expectations  of  us.  No  stone  was  left  unturned  and  we  looked  far business 6 Air Partner plc  |   Annual  Report  and  Accounts  2017 Explaining our business Group at a glance Air  Partner  is  a  global  aviation  charter  specialist  and  an  expert  in  safety  consulting  and  training.  On  the  aircraft  charter  side,  clients  include  corporate  customers  (such  as  sports  teams  and  tour  operators),  governments  and  high  net  worth  individuals,  who  require  our  skills  and  expertise  to  solve  often  complex  aviation  requirements. For  our  Consulting  &  Training  business,  clients  include  airlines,  defence  organisations  and  aviation  authorities  globally. 257  aviation  professionals 24 / 7  service 20  countries 55  years  of  avaition  experience 4  continents Only publicly  listed  air  charter  broker  and  safety  consultancy Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements 7 Air Partner plc  |  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 B ROK I NG 82% CO N S U LTI N G & TRAI N I N G 18 % COMMERCIAL JETS PRIVATE JETS FREIGHT CLOCKWORK RESEARCH 57% BAINES SIMMONS 100% 4% 39% Broking Commercial Jets 57% Aircraft  charter  (20-500  passengers) for  governments,  corporates,  sports  and  entertainment  teams,  industrial,  manufacturing  customers  and  tour  operators.  Also  includes  Air  Partner  Remarketing  and    performance 24 Air Partner plc  |  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2017 performance Chief Executive’s review 2016  will  be  a  year  that  many  will  remember  as  one  of  seismic  and  surprising  change,  especially  on  the  political  front  both  at  home  and  abroad.  On  the  quieter  stage  of  aviation,  our  skies  get  busier  and  business  gets  more  challenging,  but  Air  Partner  has  completed  the  year  with  a  set  of  results  to  make  us  proud  and  give  our  shareholders  confidence  in  our  strategy.  Mark Briffa  Chief  Executive  Officer The  Group  has  made  great  progress  during  the  year,  delivering  an  underlying  profit  before  tax  of  £5.1m,  a  17.2%  increase  year-on-year.  As  ever,  these  results  reflect  the  dedication  and  drive  of  all  our  staff,  who  continue  to  put  our  customers  first,  providing  an  unrivalled  and  differentiated  service  in  our  sector. One Group, two divisions The  Group  is  structured  into  two  complementary  divisions:  Broking,  which  delivers  aircraft  charter  and  remarketing  services;  and  Consulting  &  Training,  which  delivers  professional  services,  predominantly  in  the  aviation  safety  sector.  Both  divisions  operate  internationally,  servicing  a  high-quality  customer  base.  Both  divisions  will  play  important  roles  in  delivering