 Company statements 78 Group revenue £88.8m (Loss) earnings per share 2  from  continuing operations (6.7p) Net debt  1 £13.0m Adjusted EBITDA 1 £10.1m 2015 61.7 69.2 88.8 2016 2017 2015 1.3 4.7 (6.7) 2016 2017 2015 9.0 24.6 13.0 2016 2017 2015 12.2 12.5 10.1 2016 2017 2 Quantum Pharma Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report  A service-led niche  pharmaceutical developer,  manufacturer and supplier to  the health and care sectors The Group operates through three trading divisions incorporating  eight business units across seven locations in the UK and Europe,  offering a portfolio of innovative and synergistic products  and services. 2017 Group revenue 1   breakdown £88.8m 2016 Group revenue 1   breakdown £69.2m The Group’s strategic focus centres on two  key pillars represented by the Specials and  Niche Pharmaceuticals (‘Niche’) divisions. Specials Manufacture and supply The Specials division operates in the UK’s  specials market where it manufactures,  procures and supplies unlicensed medicines  and imported medicines licensed abroad  (collectively referred to as ‘specials’), and  special obtains. Its customers include the  main wholesale and retail pharmacy chains in  the UK, with a number of these relationships  underpinned by exclusive supply agreements,  as well as hospitals. The division also operates  a dedicated aseptics compounding unit that  manufactures bespoke intravenous specials   to order. The Specials division responds to prescription  requests from healthcare professionals. It can  deliver bespoke specials across a variety of  dosage forms and strengths in as little as   15 hours through its in-house, state-of-the-art  compounding and manufacturing facilities. The division therefore occupies a leading  position in the specials market that enables it   to track shifts in demand for medicines across  the community and hospital pharmacy sectors. Niche Develop and supply The Niche division uses this insight into the  specials market, together with other data, to  identify where patient demand for a particular  special is high. These products are assessed  to determine their suitability to enter the Group’s  product development and licensing pipeline.  The Niche division benefits from an in-house  product development capability that manages  the Group’s development pipeline alongside   a range of projects for third-party customers. Licensing products, the excellent visibility of trends in the UK  pharmacy and hospital markets gained  through the Specials division to supplement  external market data analysis, allowing early  identification of opportunities to take products  from unlicensed-to-licensed status (‘UL2L ’). The division has a growing portfolio and  pipeline of UL2L products, as well as  complementary larger niche generic products  across a number of therapeutic areas that   the Group aims to commercialise either  independently or in partnership with other  pharmaceutical businesses. Key developments • Launched a number of products during  the year and post year-end, including  Glycopyrronium Bromide Oral Solution  1mg/5ml, the Group’s first major  UL2L launch. • All UL2L products in the current pipeline  now in active development. • Profitability profile of the division  transformed through trading growth   and elimination of costs supporting  underperforming product lines that have  been discontinued during the year. Turn  to the Chief Executive Officer’s review  on page 10 for further details. The Medication Adherence division  provides the Group with direct access   to the homecare market. Key developments • Strong growth in homecare and   fertility volumes, particularly following  commencement of a major contract  with the Yorkshire and Humber NHS  Pharmaceutical Purchasing Consortium. • Following development of the Group’s  focused and simplified strategy (details  of which are explained on pages 18 and  19), a strategic review of the Medication  Adherence division has commenced. Adjusted EBITDA £10.1m Adjusted EBITDA £1.4m Adjusted EBITDA (£0.2m) Group adjusted EBITDA of £10.1m comprises the above divisional contributions and Group costs of £1.2m (2016: £0.7m, 2015: £0.3m). A definition of adjusted EBITDA is on page 17. 4 Quantum Pharma Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report  Chairman’s statement Strongly positioned  for success I am pleased to introduce the  Group’s Annual Report and  Accounts for the year ended   31 January 2017 (‘FY17’). FY17  has been a year of significant  change where some difficult but  ultimately necessary decisions  have been made to put the  Group on a path to realising its  considerable potential. Despite having only been Chairman since  October 2016, it is already clear to me that the  Group benefits from a first-class infrastructure  and talented workforce who are committed   to upholding the highest standards of quality  Turn to page 10 to read more about the  actions the Group has taken this year   in the Chief Executive Officer’s review. Last choice Greater risk An extemporaneously  dispensed medicine An imported product  not licensed in the  country of origin Crushing or splitting  licensed tablets  or capsules A non-UK-made  unlicensed medicine  or food supplement 1. http://www.apsm-uk.com/specials-industry.php. 2. Those issued by community pharmacies and excluding those issued from other sources, such as hospital pharmacies. 3. http://www.apsm-uk.com/specials-industry.php. 4. Data covering Scotland unavailable. 5. http://www.apsm-uk.com/specials-industry.php. UK-manufactured  special in  MHRA-licensed  facilities 8 Quantum Pharma Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report  Business model IN-HOUSE   DEVELOPMENT   & REGULATORY  EXPERTISE OUR POSITIONING OUR BUSINESS MODEL UK Secure & grow International Developing distribution  partnerships Contracted relationships Global sourcing  capability Established UK distribution  network to pharmacies   & hospitals Visibility of   specials market Imported product   licensed in (approved)  country of origin UK-manufactured special in  MHRA-licensed facilities REGULATORY  PATHWAY UK-licensed  medicine PRESCRIBING HIERARCHY CHOICE/ 