 •  Easter, which marks the start of the wedding season, falls 3 weeks later in 2017, temporarily delaying  some hire order collections and therefore revenues by three weeks. Hire orders booked for collection in  2017/18 are currently -1% on the previous year. •  Hire like for like*, reported on a ‘cash taken’ basis, is -14.3% in the ﬁrst 7 weeks, due to the  implementation of our “£10 deposit” offer in store. This clearly impacts LFL revenues and means that  during the early part of the Hire season we are holding a materially smaller value of deposits on a ‘cash  taken’ basis.  •  Early responses to the Spring Summer 2017 range across Retail and to the new Hire ranges have been  good. • We continue to grow our presence on the high street and online. • The Group’s trading performance continues in line with the Board’s expectations. *  Like-for-like (including VAT) represents ﬁnancial information for e-commerce and stores open during both the current and prior ﬁnancial periods and  compares 52 weeks against 52 weeks, except for stores reﬁtted in the period, where the period closed for reﬁt is excluded from both the current and  prior ﬁnancial periods. Like-for-like Hire and Tailor Me sales are calculated on cash receipts in the period, before adjustment for the movement in the  level of deposits held.  ** EBITDA is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and exceptional items. MOSS BROS GROUP PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2016/17 I 3  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT I am pleased to report another year of considerable progress for the Group.  Total like-for-like* sales including VAT reﬂected a 5.3% increase on the prior year. Proﬁt before taxation  was up 20.3% to £7.1m, compared with £5.9m in the previous year. EBITDA** continued on a positive trend  to £13.6m, compared with £12.5m in the previous year. Similarly, our cash position continues to be very  strong, despite the ongoing reﬁt programme.  The retail environment became one of the most highly competitive we have seen for some considerable  time, with heavy and intense discounting. We remained focused on our multi-branded and segmented  pricing architecture and traded our way through what was an unforgiving market, which saw a number of  new branded entrants to the Menswear market and the exit or reduction in market share for a couple of  long established brands, reinforcing the need for us to keep close to consumer trends and to modernise  our offer accordingly. The core Moss Bros master brand is now well established and we saw reasonable growth in each of our  supporting sub-brands of Moss London, Moss 1851, and Moss Esq, with Moss London expanding our reach  to a younger customer, capitalising on the growing trend of occasions like School Proms.  Actions to develop our product offer have included the growth of ‘Tailor Me’, which is achieving signiﬁcant where practicable, to the provision of alternative employment. 8 I MOSS BROS GROUP PLC shop on-line at www.mossbros.co.uk CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW REVIEW OF OPERATIONS  The Group has continued to make strong progress throughout the year. The ongoing store reﬁt programme  in 2016/17 means that 97 of our 127 stores were trading in the new format at the year end. This, combined  with our ongoing focus on product and brand development, has meant that our customer offer continues to  go from strength to strength. Building brand equity in this way, alongside signiﬁcant improvements in our  multi-channel proposition, leaves us well placed to capitalise on the tailoring expertise which we possess  in-store and online. Our ‘Tailor Me’ personalisation service further adds to our proposition, making us the  ideal destination whether a customer wishes to buy, rent or tailor their perfect suit. RETAIL We continued to pursue operational improvements across the business, which when combined with our  ongoing investment in store reﬁts during the year, beneﬁted like-for-like* sales, which were up by 6.0%  on the previous year (2015/16: up by 7.6%). Retail gross margins improved on the previous year by 2.2%  as a result of more focused promotional activity. Stock levels were kept closely under control throughout  the year.  We opened 7 brand new stores, and closed 4 in the UK during the year. A further store was relocated into a  larger and better location. We are considering additional new store opening opportunities in the UK in the  next 12 months and currently have 4 conﬁrmed openings for 2017. The Group now trades from 127 stores  (30 January 2016: 124 stores). The inherent ﬂexibility in our property estate gives us options in what we anticipate will be a fast changing  retail landscape. The average lease length across the store portfolio is only 56 months and we are  targeting improved lease terms on renewal, of a 10 year term, with a tenant only break clause at year 5.  The underpinning of hire and the demand for e-commerce ‘click & collect’ and ‘click & return’ points,  together with advantageous lease deals, means there is an opportunity to expand our store footprint on a  selective and cost effective basis, with good returns. HIRE Overall like-for-like* hire sales increased by 1.5% in the year, following very strong growth in the previous  ﬁnancial year (2015/16: 11.7%). The broadening of the range to include lounge suits has proved very  successful and has received enthusiastic positive customer feedback. We continue to invest in our Hire  business both in terms of additional Hire product lines and improvements in our underlying Hire systems.  Although currently small, our online Hire offer is increasing in its contribution to the overall Hire business. We are conﬁdent our position as the leading hire brand will be maintained through the product and  technology initiatives currently underway. E-COMMERCE Sales grew very strongly, up 15.7% on