 Highlights Name change Let me start out by welcoming  shareholders to this the ﬁrst Annual  Report of Ferguson plc. We changed our  name from Wolseley plc to the name of  our business in the USA on 31 July 2017 .  We strongly believe that the Ferguson  name is much more reﬂective of the  Group today with 89 per cent of our  trading proﬁt generated in the USA.  Board changes Mike Powell joined the Group as Chief  Financial Officer (“CFO”) on 1 June 2017  and he brings a wealth of experience  having worked in a variety of senior  ﬁnance positions. He has spent many  years running large businesses in  North America which will stand him in  good stead in his career at Ferguson.  Dave Keltner’s appointment as Interim  CFO last year, after 10 years as CFO  of the USA, enabled us to conduct a  thorough search for a suitable long-term  CFO and execute an orderly handover  of responsibilities to Mike.  Frank Roach, formerly Chief Executive of  the USA, also retired this year. Frank had   a remarkable career with Ferguson, joining  the business 41 years ago. In particular,  his tenure as Chief Executive for the  last eight years has been outstanding,  achieving sustained rapid growth and  record trading margins.  On behalf of the Board I’d like to  thank both Frank and Dave for their  signiﬁcant contributions to the Group’s  success and wish them both long and  happy retirements. Kevin Murphy succeeded Frank on  1 August 2017 . Kevin joined the business  in 1999 and spent the last 10 years as the  Chief Operating Officer of the USA.  He has Chairman’s statement Key   highlights Good trading  performance Orderly  succession  completed of  Group CFO  and USA CEO  Increased  total ordinary  dividend to  110.0 pence  (2015/16: 100.0  pence) and share  buyback of  £500 million Gareth Davis Chairman Ferguson plc is the world’s largest specialist distributor of plumbing  and heating products. T oday the business is primarily located in the  USA serving mainly repairs, maintenance and improvement markets.  We are in the process of disposing of our Nordics business which has  been classiﬁed as discontinued (see note 8, page 98). USA Ferguson at a glance The shape of our  business today 23,986 Associates 1,423 Branches Key brands £11,82 4m Revenue 8.0% Trading margin* Blended Branches  Provides plumbing and heating solutions  to customers across the residential  and commercial sectors for Repairs,  Maintenance and Improvement (“RMI”)  and new construction.  Waterworks standalone Distributing pipe, valves and ﬁttings  (“PVF”), hydrants, meters and related water  management products alongside related  services including water line tapping and  pipe fusion.  B2C e-commerce Sells directly to consumers via websites  predominantly using the product range  and distribution network of the Blended  Branches business. The majority of our  B2C business is conducted through   www.build.com.  HVAC standalone Distributes heating, ventilation, air  conditioning and refrigeration equipment  to specialist contractors, predominantly  in the residential and commercial markets  for repair and replacement.  Industrial standalone Distributes PVF products to  industrial customers. Fire and Fabrication Fabricates and supplies ﬁre protection  systems primarily to commercial  contractors for new construction projects.  Facilities Supply Provides products, services and solutions  to enable reliable maintenance of facilities  across multiple RMI markets. 1 Blended Branches  60% 2 Waterworks standalone 16% 3 B2C e-commerce 7% 4 HVAC standalone  7% 5  Other (Industrial standalone,   Fire and Fabrication and  Facilities Supply)  10% Revenue by  business unit 1 2 3 4 5 * Trading margin is an APM, see note 2 on pages 91 and 92 for further information. 14 Ferguson plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Business units 1 Residential  ~ 50% 2 Commercial  ~ 35% Group Chief Executive’s review *  Like-for-like revenue growth and growth at  constant exchange rates are APMs, see note 2  on pages 91 and 92 for further information. 16 Ferguson plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 John Martin Group Chief   Executive Our associates responded positively  and we generated stronger growth  in the second half with the return of  modest price inﬂation and a recovery  in industrial end-markets. As we start  the new ﬁnancial year we’re generating  good growth in all of our end-markets  and the regional picture of growth across  the USA is encouraging. At the same  time as accelerating revenue growth  we’re continuing to expand our gross  margins through driving beneﬁts of scale  in areas such as sourcing, increasing  own label sales and better pricing  discipline. We’re also continuing to invest  in future growth by developing more  efficient operating models including  world-class e-commerce platforms,  building our brands and investing in  adjacent businesses such as Facilities  Supply. So overall, we feel that we  have made good progress in driving  proﬁtable growth. Priority two – execute UK turnaround  and repositioning plan.  We’re about a year into the  implementation of our transformation  plan in the UK and we expect that it  will take a further two years to complete  so it’s still early days. We’ve made good  progress this year and we are carefully  implementing the key initiatives to  ensure we minimise disruption to our  customers while continuing to execute  at pace.  Milestones next year include continuing  the reconﬁguration of the branch  network, logistics and supply chain,  simpliﬁcation of the product range and 