 2 complementary  businesses Core Revenue +19% 1 year Revenue up by 26% 2014 2015 2016 2017 £35m £11m £16m £28m 3 www.praxisifm.com Annual Report for the year ended 30 April 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT The Group continues to develop its three operating divisions on its multi-jurisdictional platform. The Group sees considerable  opportunities to expand delivery of its core offerings through a combination of organic growth and strategic acquisition.  The recent listing on The International Stock Exchange (“TISE”) represents a considerable step forward for the Group. Culture The Group has taken a commercial and enterprising  approach to its development and it is extremely mindful of  the importance of compliance and regulation. Effective risk  management and regulatory compliance are essential in  today’s climate as regulatory and reporting regimes across  the world continue to develop. The Board sees significant opportunity for the Group to take  advantage of the operational platform it has created over  the last three years since the merger of Praxis and IFM whilst  maintaining a considered and risk conscious approach to  growth. With a highly qualified and professional staff base, the Board  considers that the Group is well placed for a business climate  of increasing regulation, transparency and enhanced  reporting requirements. Strategy The Group continues to develop its professional approach to  existing business, risk management, client take-on, business  development and acquisitions. The Group has integrated several acquisitions over the  last few years and continues to grow via a combination of  organic growth and value-accretive acquisitions that help to  diversify its jurisdictional reach and service offerings. The senior management team has a pragmatic and  considered evaluation method for acquisitions that  continues to deliver significant stakeholder value. The Board  plays an active role in the process and is of the opinion that  the direction being taken continues to be effective. The Group is majority owned by management. This ensures  alignment of interest with external shareholders. The Board  actively seeks to widen share ownership amongst employees  through share option and buy-as-you-earn schemes. Governance The Board considers effective governance to be at the heart  of good business management and has performed a full  review of the governance regime and mechanisms within  the Group. The Group’s approach is set out within this report and  focusses on ensuring that the process the Group follows to  make key business decisions allows for careful consideration  of the impact those decisions have on the wider stakeholder  group. The mechanisms and approach taken comply with the  Finance Sector Code of Corporate Governance issued by  the Guernsey Financial Service Commission and have been  developed with UK Corporate Governance Code in mind. Board Composition The Board is made up of two non executive directors and  the Chief Executive Officer. During this period of significant  growth the Group needs to remain flexible whilst ensuring  effective governance and considered decision making. Board members have  www.praxisifm.com 4 CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT The results set out within this report show continued growth of the business during the year ended 30 April 2017.   The year has seen the integration of new business into Guernsey, Geneva and Mauritius together with expansion into the  UK and Middle East. Group Activity This year has seen considerable change within the Group  culminating in raising external capital and listing on The  International Stock Exchange in April 2017. As anticipated,  the listing has delivered many benefits for the Group. We have made considerable progress integrating our  previous acquisitions whilst maintaining strong organic  growth. We have restructured the governance regime and we were  delighted to appoint two experienced non executives,  Andrew Haining as Non-Executive Chairman and Iain Stokes  as Non-Executive director and Chair of the Audit Committee.  The executive directors who previously sat on the Group  Board now sit on the Management Committee. Andrew has a wealth of experience in mergers and  acquisitions over a 30 year career in banking and private  equity. Iain was previously Group Managing Director at  Mourant International Fund Administration (‘MIFA’) where  he was part of the executive team that managed the sale of  MIFA to State Street. Performance The year ending 30 April 2017 saw Group revenues grow  to £35.1m. This represents a 26% uplift against 2016. It has  been achieved through a combination of acquired revenues  and continued organic growth. The core business has grown strongly with a compound  annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 17% over the last five years  and 19% during 2017. Unadjusted EBITDA (£8.3m) grew by 29% during the year as  our smaller, more recently established businesses matured  and the integration of acquired business was completed.  The Group has fully expensed significant amounts of short  term and one off costs associated with its listing and its  recent acquisitions. As the Group continues to evolve we  expect to reap the benefits of this investment. Our Trust and Corporate Division remains the largest  segment of our business and it performed well last year with  revenues rising to £22.3m. The Funds Division has another strong year with a 28%  growth in revenue. Our IFM AIFM business grew particularly  strongly. The Pensions Division continues to build critical mass  and despite a very competitive environment, is delivering  growth for the Group. Within Ancillary Services, our Treasury and our Asset Finance  businesses performed very strongly. During the year, we  made the strategic decision to dispose of our interest in  United Ventures and this process was completed well before  the year end. Staff Our staff are fundamental to our success. The Group  employs more than 300 people across 9 jurisdictions. The  vast majority of colleagues are client facing and spend