 STRATEGIC REPORT  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT  I am delighted to report that Wizz Air’s 2017 financial year saw the Company achieve another year of market  leading growth while continuing to deliver one of the highest profit margins of all European airlines.  Despite  the challenging business conditions facing the European airline industry during the year, Wizz Air carried 23.8  million passengers, an increase of 18.9 per cent. year-on-year.  The Company generated an underlying net  profit of €225.3 million, an increase of 0.6 per cent. year-on-year, which translates to an underlying net profit  margin of 14.3 per cent., a performance which few airlines in Europe can match.   Capacity growth and a dedication to achieving the lowest possible operating costs are, and will remain, the  key focus for Wizz Air. Together, they allow Wizz Air to continue to take advantage of the significant growth  opportunity in Central and Eastern Europe and to strengthen our market leading position as Central and  Eastern Europe’s largest low-cost carrier.  We believe that our unique position in Central and Eastern Europe,  ultra-low-cost base, diversified point-to-point network and ability to adjust capacity quickly altogether place  Wizz Air in an enviable position to meet industry challenges and continue to deliver significant growth and  create long-term value for our Shareholders.    Wizz Air’s business achieved a number of key milestones during the 2017 financial year, including:   continuing to grow and diversify our network by opening four new bases and announcing two future base  openings, including our first in the United Kingdom, and launching 113 new routes. Wizz Air now offers  more than 500 routes from 28 bases, connecting 141 destinations across 42 countries;   the delivery of a further twelve brand new A321ceo aircraft, increasing our fleet of Airbus A320-family  aircraft to 79 and the average seat count per aircraft to 190 at the end of the financial year; and   driving load factors higher with an impressive 1.9 percentage point increase year-on-year to 90.1 per cent.    Customers  I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our customers for their continued support. As we expand  our network we are delighted that many new customers throughout the region will be able to enjoy our  services at incredibly low fares.  Enhancing the service we deliver to our customers is a constant focus for us.  In the last twelve months we have undertaken a number of initiatives including the launch of our new  wizzair.com website and the introduction of a simple three-step booking process for registered  customers.  Now more than ever before, it’s faster and simpler to book the lowest fare flights with Wizz Air.   Employees  Our team of over 3,000 aviation professionals delivered a superior service to the 23.8 million customers who  flew with us over the CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW  Financial performance  The 2017 financial year delivered profitable growth, with passenger numbers increasing by 18.9 per cent. year- on-year to 23.8 million. The trading environment experienced in FY 2017 of very low fares and increasing fuel  prices unquestionably favoured our ultra-low-cost business model and we were able to increase our growth  rate, strengthen our number one position in CEE and also maintain one of the highest profit margins of any  European carrier.  Our market leading position, with the combination of one of the highest growth rates and  profit margins of all European airlines, makes Wizz Air one of the most exciting airline businesses in Europe.  Operating the most efficient aircraft with the latest technology has always been a key foundation stone of  Wizz Air’s ultra-low cost base. Our fleet currently has an average age of just 4.4 years, one of the youngest in  Europe.  We continue to build on that foundation with a delivery stream of brand new A321ceo aircraft which  deliver double digit cost savings compared to A320ceo aircraft. At the end of FY 2017 we operated 16 A321ceo  aircraft, representing a quarter of the airline's seat capacity, which gives us a clear cost advantage compared  to most of our rivals.   The resilience of our ultra-low cost business model, which we are convinced is the best model for stimulating  air travel in CEE, combined with our growing diversified network and our ever stronger balance sheet places  Wizz Air in a unique position to exploit the significant market opportunity that exists in a market of over 300  million people.   Our strong performance was driven by capacity expansion, higher load factors, higher passenger growth and  continued improvements to our industry-leading ultra-low-cost base. In numbers, we delivered:   ticket revenues that increased by 2.3 per cent. to €915.5 million;   ancillary revenue that increased by 22.7 per cent. to €655.7 million;   total airline unit cost that decreased by 7.8 per cent. to €3.15 cents per Available Seat Kilometre (ASK);   a 19.7 per cent. increase in the capacity offered to the market (as measured by ASKs), as we extended and  deepened our network of routes to and from Central and Eastern Europe; and   an increase in our average load factor by 1.9 percentage points to 90.1 per cent. in the financial year,  despite significant capacity expansion.  Strategic progress  The Company is convinced that its strategy of building on its strong network, highly efficient model,  compelling customer proposition, solid finances and sound risk management policies will enable it to deliver  sustainable growth and returns for Shareholders.  Wizz Air’s management team enforces rigorous cost control in all aspects of the Group’s business and has  created a company-wide business culture that is keenly focused on driving costs lower. The Company believes  that this cost