 Company Information 61 WHY INVEST IN BUSHVELD   MINERALS LIMITED?  • Low-cost and scalable vanadium  production platform with  significant cash-generating  capacity, positioned for growth. • Affords participation in the  burgeoning global energy storage  market demand. • Exposure to the vanadium   market that is in structural deficit,  with significant headroom for   price growth. • Exposure to a sound portfolio of tin  assets, on the expected to shortly  crystalise value from an intended  initial public offering (IPO) as a  stand-alone mid-tier African tin  champion with near term  production profile. • Potential re-rating of a coal project  in Madagascar on the back of an  IPP licence turning the project into  a >$200m mining and power  generation project. • Access to deep technical and  general management skills in the  commodities of focus (over 100  years combined experience in the  vanadium industry).  • Potential re-rating of Bushveld  Minerals enabling significant  growth in shareholder value. 02 Bushveld Minerals Annual Report 2017 SAKARAHA MAHABOBOKA ADRANOVARY TULEAR SOALARA BEZAHA BENENITRA LEMUR IMALOTO PROJECT AREA Nelspruit Maputo Johannesburg Pretoria Mokopane Polokwane Vryheid Richards Bay Kwazulu- Natal MOZAMBIQUE Indian Ocean SWAZILAND ZIMBABWE BOTSWANA SOUTH AFRICA Phalaborwa Kruger National Park Grasko Musina Scale 1 0 50 00km Roads and railway lines  Potential rail route to port  Ports Coalﬁelds Bushveld  Complex LEGEND MADAGASCAR Roads and railway lines  Potentail rail route to port  Vanadium-bearing  taniferous magne te  Ports Coalﬁelds Bushveld  Complex Bushveld Resources –  Vanadium Greenhills Resources –  Tin SOUTH AFRICA Business Review At a Glance While focus is on the vanadium operations, the Company has multiple  projects organised around three commodity-focused platforms: THREE COMMODITY  FOCUSED PLATFORMS Legend 03  Bushveld Minerals Annual Report 2017 Financial Statements Administration Governance Business Review not have been completed at a better time, with  vanadium prices on a solid upward trajectory.  Vametco is a quality low-cost producer with a   sound financial position that has allowed us to use   a significant amount of debt funding for the  acquisition. That BVL has been able to pay back all  the external debt and facilitate a BEE transaction for  Vametco within three months of the completion of  the transaction is testament to the strong balance  sheet and cash-generation capacity of this important  asset. In acquiring Vametco, BVL has not only  acquired a quality operating mine and processing  facility, but a management team with extensive  experience in the vanadium industry combining  more than 100 years of industry experience. In  addition, the management team has worked on  every one of the primary vanadium-processing  plants in South Africa. This intellectual capital will be important as we look  to grow the combined Bushveld vanadium platform  from its current 3.5% market share of the global  vanadium supply to a share projected at more than  10% in the next three to five years.  I am also pleased to note the significant progress  made by Bushveld Energy in establishing the market  opportunity for vanadium redox flow batteries in  Africa. Bushveld Energy has established an  invaluable working relationship with its local partner,  the Industrial Development Corporation of South  Africa. Through delivery on our agreed objectives,  we are on plan to vindicate the IDC’s choice of  large-scale energy storage as one of the significant  new industries to support in South Africa. I look  forward to seeing continued progress on what has  been achieved to date over the course of the  coming year. All this progress is praiseworthy. It happens,  however, amidst a time of significant uncertainty   in the global political and economic sphere. The UK  the world. The transaction could not have been  completed at a better time, with vanadium prices  having staged a strong recovery. Vametco has an  ungeared financial position and a healthy cash  generation ability which enabled BVL to fund the  acquisition largely through debt. US$14 million of  the US$16.5 million acquisition consideration was  fully repaid within three months of the completion   of the transaction. I am pleased that BVL was able to transfer customer  contracts from Evraz Group seamlessly within a  month of completion of the transaction, thanks   in a large part to our partnership with Wogen  Resources Limited, which brings decades of  experience in metals trading, with a global footprint  and established relationships with several of the  Vametco customers. Meanwhile Vametco has been delivering solid  operational and financial performance. Production  volumes in 2016 were a solid 2 804MTV, a 16%  increase on 2015 volumes of 2 419MTV. The volume  increase and weakening South African exchange rate  (from ZAR12.75:US$1 in 2015 to ZAR$14.71:US$1) in  addition to improved operational performance saw  Vametco improve its already low production costs  from US$17.23/kgV to US$14.50/kgV. Consequently  EBITDA performance improved between the two  years from ZAR15.7 million (US$1.2 million) to  ZAR47.5 million (US$3.2 million). This performance  improvement has continued into 2017 supported   in part by the significant rises in vanadium prices.   At ZAR85.5 million (US$6.5 million) EBITDA for the  first half of 2017 is already 80% higher than that of  the entire 2015.  Going forward, BVL will leverage the solid Vametco  platform, its experienced management team and  the South African base to grow production volumes,  drive down costs and add new vanadium products  to its portfolio. FOUR KEY PRIORITIES To give effect to this vision we identified four key  priorities that guide the Company’s action  programme. I am pleased with the progress the  Company has made