 24 BREEDON GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2017  WWW.BREEDONGROUP.COM Nearly £150m capital expenditure in  the business over the last  seven years Over £525m investment in earnings- enhancing acquisitions  since 2010 Underlying EBIT margin 12.3% Maximising the return from every  tonne of those reserves is one of the  keys to our success and in 2017 we  invested a further £46 million in our  quarries, cement plant and downstream  operations. This has enabled us to  open new quarries, extend existing  operations and improve the efficiency of  many of our sites. Once again, organic  growth was balanced with selected  bolt-on purchases. We invested around  £10 million in acquisitions during 2017,  which extended our market reach and  added further to our reserves and  resources. The Group now has an even  stronger platform for growth, with a  national presence, enhanced product  portfolio, robust central management  functions and an exceptionally strong  asset base. PROGRESS ON SAFETY Around 2,200 colleagues now work  in the Breedon Group and in 2017 we  intensified our efforts to ensure that they  all go home safely at the end of every  working day. This took on an even greater  importance in light of the tragically high  number of fatalities in our industry last  year. We maintain our ambition to be  the safest, as well as the most profitable,  construction materials company in the UK  and we firmly believe that with the right  culture of safe behaviour, Zero Harm is a  realistic goal. I am pleased to say that the  number of serious injuries declined last  year, as our new Safety Commitments  became firmly embedded in the business  and colleagues took greater care of  themselves and each other. SENIOR MANAGEMENT CHANGES Ashley Bryan stepped down as  Managing Director of Breedon Cement  and left the Group in early 2017, to be  succeeded by Interim Managing Director  Tim Billingham. Following the departure of Tim Hall  from the Group in September, we  were recently joined by Mike Pearce as  Chief Executive of Breedon Southern.  Mike was formerly Managing Director  of the aggregates division of Aggregate  Industries, where he had also been  responsible at various times for the  company’s building products, asphalt,  ready-mixed concrete, contracting and  commercial activities.  I would like to take this opportunity to  welcome Mike to the Group and to thank  Colin Parke for his interim leadership  of Breedon Southern over the past  six months. THE BOARD We are today announcing Simon Vivian’s  retirement from the Board and he will be  stepping down with immediate effect.  Simon and I worked closely together  on the creation of Breedon and he did  distinguished service as the Group’s chief  executive from 2010 to 2015. He retires  with our thanks 26 BREEDON GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2017  WWW.BREEDONGROUP.COM ORGANIC DEVELOPMENT Once again we invested well ahead  of depreciation in mineral assets,  capacity and operational improvements  throughout the Group, including three  new quarries, which will facilitate further  internalisation of material to our concrete  and asphalt plants. We have a long-term ambition to  strengthen our position in the UK  asphalt market and to this end in 2017  we commenced installation of a new  plant at our rail-linked quarry at Dowlow  in Derbyshire and a replacement plant  at our Furnace quarry in Scotland.  The planned acquisition of Minffordd  quarry from Tarmac will give us another  new plant, expanding our asphalt  network to 28 plants nationwide. Investments last year in equipment  upgrades at Tom’s Forest and Dowlow  quarries are already producing  improved performances. We have also  been operating formal OEE (Overall  Equipment Effectiveness) and REE  (Running Equipment Effectiveness)  programmes for some time at selected  sites in Breedon Southern and these are  now being rolled out across Breedon  Northern. They are enabling us to make  clearly measurable improvements to  the efficiency and running costs of our  fixed plant and drive selective capital  investment, thereby ensuring that all  our operations are fit for purpose in the  years ahead. We completed a major planned  programme of capital investment  in Breedon Cement, encompassing  significant upgrades to our Hope Cement  Works, quarry equipment and road and  rail fleets. ACQUISITIONS In May we secured another valuable  route to market for our aggregates and  cement with the purchase of Pro Mini Mix  Concrete, Mortars and Screeds Limited  (Pro Mini Mix), a mini mix operator in  the West Midlands. This was followed in  August by the acquisition of Humberside  Aggregates Limited (Humberside  Aggregates), bringing with it around  three million tonnes of mineral reserves,  opening up new markets for us in East  Yorkshire and Humberside and enabling  us to internalise supplies to our concrete  plants in the region. Q&A Group CEO answers key  questions on 2017 Q: What were the highlights of 2017? A: The integration of Hope, which we completed shortly before the  first anniversary of closing the deal, was a major achievement  for everyone concerned. The entire Group is now on a common  IT platform, with strong and well-structured central functions,  well equipped to service Breedon through the next stage of  its development. We were also very pleased to complete the  acquisitions of Pro Mini Mix and Humberside Aggregates,  which expanded our service network and brought us additional  reserves of valuable minerals. Our planned acquisition of  quarries and an asphalt plant from Tarmac is an elegant means  of acquiring additional reserves and asphalt