 Independent auditor’s report 116 Consolidated financial   statements 122 Notes to the consolidated   financial statements  126 Alternative performance  measures 168 APPENDICES Operational statistics  170 Ore reserves and mineral  reserves 178 Glossary 191 Shareholder information 194 Polymetal is a leading precious metals mining  group operating in Russia, Kazakhstan and  Armenia. Listed on the London and Moscow  stock exchanges, we currently have a  portfolio of eight producing gold and silver  mines and an impressive pipeline of future  growth projects. In March 2018, we celebrate 20 years since  the foundation of Polymetal. During that time,  we have consistently delivered a strong  operating performance and made good on our  promises to our shareholders, employees,  communities and other stakeholders. FIND OUT MORE 06-07 OPERATING EXPERTISE 12-13 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GROWTH PROJECTS 08-11 Dear fellow stakeholders In 2018, Polymetal celebrates its 20th anniversary;   perhaps still youthful by global metrics but, nevertheless, a  respectable milestone for a business built from the ground  up in an emerging market. During that time, the Company has  delivered a production compound annual growth rate (CAGR)  of 24%, developed 16 mines from scratch, added 6.7 Moz of  gold equivalent and 9.5 Moz of palladium equivalent in newly  discovered resources, paid out more than US$1 billion in  dividends and attained industry leadership in processing  refractory gold ore. We have expanded our operations within  three mining jurisdictions in the former Soviet Union (Russia,  Kazakhstan and Armenia) and have maintained a premium  listing on the London Stock Exchange since 2011. Playing to our strengths Over the last 20 years, we have built on our core  competencies: using a hub-based system (Dukat, Omolon  and Okhotsk); mastering POX technology and trading  refractory gold concentrates (Kyzyl, Albazino, Mayskoye);  operating successfully in difficult climatic conditions at  locations with little or no existing infrastructure (five operations  in the Russian Far East). Consistently focusing on As outlined in the Chairman’s Statement and reported in more detail  in the Group CEO’s Review, Polymetal maintained its track record  of solid operational delivery and project execution, meeting our  increased production guidance for the sixth consecutive year.  Over recent years, our management team further consolidated and  improved the performance of existing assets and increased  the resource base through exploration and acquisitions. This has  led to good free cash flow generation, as reflected in the significant  dividends of US$1,048 million paid to our shareholders since the  IPO in 2011. At the year end, Polymetal had delivered a 4.4%  dividend yield on a three-year average basis. At the same time, the Company continues to meet the increasingly  demanding requirements of a London premium-listed company,  in terms of environmental, social and governance matters.   Some 70 separate KPI metrics are included in the variable part of  remuneration at all levels of the organisation to reward those  employees who are able make a difference. Polymetal is included   in the FTSE4Good, STOXX Global ESG Leaders and Euronext-Vigeo  indices and supports the Carbon Disclosure Project as well as the  UN Global Compact and Global Reporting Initiative. Our ability to retain employees at all levels of the organisation  remains high, despite strong competition for talent in our industry  and regions of operation. The Company’s commitment to the  highest ethical standards, its operational excellence and  implementation of international best practice is reflected in  our staff turnover, that has been steadily reducing over the   last seven years and was 5.4% in 2017.  In our 2017 Remuneration Report, we outline how the Committee  supervised implementation of the approved Remuneration Policy,  including planned base-salary increases, annual bonuses and the  grant of performance shares. The Company performed well on all  metrics and this was reflected in the Group CEO’s remuneration.  The Committee applied no discretion in its decision. STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APPENDICES POLYMETAL INTERNATIONAL PLC  ANNUAL REPORT & ACCOUNTS 2017 95 POLYMETAL INTERNATIONAL PLC  ANNUAL REPORT & The Committee received shareholder approval of the following Remuneration Policy at the AGM on 16 May 2017. The new policy covers a  period of three years from the date of approval – up to May 2020.  Element and purpose/  link to strategy Operation Opportunity Performance metrics used  and period applicable Executive Director – Group CEO Base salary To attract and   retain high-calibre  executives. The Committee reviews base salary  on an annual basis, taking into  account general economic and  market conditions, underlying Group  performance, the level of increases  made across the Group as a whole,  the remuneration of executives in  similar positions in FTSE and global  mining peers, and individual  performance when setting base  salary for the following year. In accordance with the policy, the  Group CEO’s salary increased (in  Roubles) by 25% from 1 April 2017 ,  and may increase by up to 10  percentage points above the  Russian domestic inflation rate in  2018 and 2019.  The Committee will carefully review  whether these increases remains  appropriate in 2018 and 2019 based  on the market conditions, exchange  rates and the Company’s results or  other relevant considerations, and  suspend if they are not justified. The annual base salary for the  reporting year and the current year  is set out in the Annual Report on  Remuneration and page 108. Not applicable. Pension To provide funding  for retirement. The Group does not fund any  pension contributions or retirement  benefits, except contributions to the  mandatory pension fund of the  Russian Federation, as required  by Russian law.  The Group pays defined  contributions