 6 / Petrofac Annual report and accounts 2017 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Separately, at the Annual General Meeting  in May 2018, we will be delighted to  recommend to shareholders the appointment  of David Davies as a Non-executive Director.  Reflecting on our financial performance In the face of the challenging environment,  we were pleased to deliver a business  performance net profit of US$343 million.  Post exceptional items and certain  re-measurements, we reported a net loss  of US$29 million. With good performance  on capital management and net debt   falling to US$612 million, we demonstrated  our strong financial discipline and our  determination to reduce capital intensity.  We also chose to re-base our dividend in  May 2017 and this prudent approach was  broadly welcomed by investors. We are  therefore proposing a final dividend of  25.30 pence per share.  Against this backdrop, I do want to thank  all Petrofac shareholders for your loyalty.  During the year, we benefited from a frank  and constructive dialogue with our key  shareholders and, as this Annual Report  should demonstrate, the Board is  determined to repay your confidence. Looking forward to 2018 and beyond For 2018, we expect the market  environment to remain similar to 2017 .   We will continue to be competitive and  maintain our bidding discipline. However,  we do benefit from good visibility of  projects to be awarded during the year,  and will continue to ensure we maintain   our cost competitiveness through our  focus on operational excellence. From an operational perspective, our  approach will continue to be characterised  by these three themes: flawless execution,  reduced capital intensity, and organic  growth. At the same time, the Board will  ensure that we continue to engage with  the SFO. One of our intentions for 2017 had been   to review the way in which the Petrofac  values are understood and applied across  the Group. This remains on the agenda   for 2018, to ensure the values – and the  behaviours associated with them – are  clearly understood and consistently   applied every day alongside our focus   on business performance.  Of course, the market environment  remained competitive with clear evidence  of overcapacity. The Board was encouraged  that we saw a strong recovery in new  orders while, for those projects we did bid  for, we maintained our bidding discipline.  We secured more than US$5.2 billion in  new orders and extensions in 2017 from  both existing and adjacent markets. Once again, our safety performance was  most impressive, as further articulated in  the Group Chief Executive’s statement and  the Corporate Responsibility section of   this report. Even so, there is no room for  complacency and we must continue to  retain 10 / Petrofac Annual report and accounts 2017 GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW Delivering organic growth We progressed organic growth  opportunities in both complementary  geographies and adjacent sectors. For example, we are bidding actively –   and executing projects – in India, South  East Asia, Turkey and Russia, where we  have a full understanding of the risks and  the capacity to deliver, and can build on  existing client relationships and/or draw on  previous experience. Indicative successes  include our first ever Turkish project, for a  new €340 million gas receiving terminal,  and a return to EPC work in Russia with   the award of a US$700 million contract   on Sakhalin Island by Sakhalin Energy  Investment Company Ltd. In terms of adjacent sectors, we continue  to extend our downstream credentials.   In recent years, we secured several   major refinery projects and, in 2017 ,   were awarded a US$2 billion contract   from Duqm Refinery and Petrochemical  Industries LLC where we are a 50/50   joint venture partner with Samsung  Engineering. We are confident that, by  replicating this approach, we can achieve  similar success in downstream markets,  such as petrochemicals, and win a share   of the substantial capital investments that  are planned in this sector. We have also had some success in  offshore wind. In 2017 , we made progress  with the BorWin3 and Galloper projects,  and were awarded a floating wind turbine  research project by the UK’s Carbon Trust. Reducing capital intensity We made significant progress in reducing  the capital intensity of the business. We have concluded the sale of our interest  in the Pánuco field in Mexico and have  converted Santuario, the largest of our  three remaining Mexican service contracts,  into a Production Sharing Contract, where we  have ownership of the underlying reserves.  We have also driven further significant  reductions in capital spending, and are  bringing increased visibility to our cash  management. Going forward, we expect   to continue to divest non-core assets,   but will be measured in our approach,   in a way that protects shareholder value. The Board has confirmed its intention   to exit the deep-water market and the  JSD6000 installation vessel has been  reclassified as an asset held for sale. A reassuring new order intake,  providing good revenue visibility I regard our 2017 new order intake of  US$5.2 billion as a good outcome in a  challenging environment, giving us a healthy  order book and good revenue visibility. Tendering activity remains high and we  continue to maintain our bidding discipline  to protect our margins in a competitive  market. Upstream, there is the beginning   of a recovery in capital spending plans and,  downstream, we see a flow of