 2 Strategic Report  Highlights of the Year Steady progress Key Events Total 2017 production of 272,274 oz of gold and gold  equivalent, above the guidance range for the year of   255,000 – 265,000 oz. (2016 production: 261,159 oz). Average realised price of gold equivalents was US$1,162 per oz  for the year (2016: US$1,136 per oz). Total Cash Costs increased by 11.7% to US$507 per oz,  influenced by the stronger rouble, while All-In Sustaining   Cash Costs inched up by 1.8% to US$664 per oz. Cash inflow from operating activities decreased by 6.0%   to US$131.0 million (2016: US$139.3 million) Net debt to EBITDA ratio slightly increased to 1.28 as   of 31 December 2017 from 1.26 a year earlier. Interim dividend of £0.0498 per share paid for H1 2017   (2016: Interim dividend of £0.05 per share). Mnogovershinnoye (MNV) – New JORC-compliant reserve  estimate at MNV doubled ore reserves and supported the  extension of life-of-mine by four years to at least 2022, with initial  results from the ongoing near-mine exploration programme  indicating resources for additional years of operation. New  exploration licences were received for two areas adjacent to MNV.  Novoshirokinskoye (Novo) – Updated resource and reserve  estimates for Novo supported an increase in gold equivalent  ounces by more than 70%, but at lower grades. The planned  expansion of ore mining and processing capacity to 1.3 mtpa   is ongoing and is now expected to achieve its full capacity in   the year 2020. Belaya Gora –A pre-feasibility study (PFS) was developed for  Belaya Gora including plant upgrades and the treatment of ore  from the nearby Blagodatnoye deposit (finalised and released   in early 2018). Mining at Belaya Gora continued to focus on  processing low-grade ore stockpiles pending the completion   of an ongoing project review. Kekura – Preparations made for construction and work advanced  on a Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) and updated JORC- compliant mineral resource and ore reserve estimates (finalised  and released in early 2018).  Baley Hub – De-watering programme continued for existing  Taseevskoye open-pit with a view to de-risking the project and  allowing for further reserve confirmation, with attention now  turned to finding new water disposal solutions. On the ZIF-1   Tailings licence, the Board approved funding for design work   on a possible heap 4 KAZAKHSTAN RUSSIA ASTANA BELAYA  GORA MNOGOVERSHINNOYE BLAGODATNOYE KYRGYZSTAN KLEN NOVOSHIROKINSKOYE KEKURA UNKURTASH LYUBOV MOSCOW BALEY HUB Taseevskoye Sredny Golgotay ZIF-1 Tailings Strategic Report  At a Glance Highland’s vision  is to become the  most profitable  gold mining  company in Russia  and Central Asia. With a firm commitment towards safety, health  and the environment, and social responsibility  towards employees and communities. Highland Gold Mining Limited | Annual Report and Accounts 2017 5 STRATEGIC REPORT KAZAKHSTAN RUSSIA ASTANA BELAYA  GORA MNOGOVERSHINNOYE BLAGODATNOYE KYRGYZSTAN KLEN NOVOSHIROKINSKOYE KEKURA UNKURTASH LYUBOV MOSCOW BALEY HUB Taseevskoye Sredny Golgotay ZIF-1 Tailings Where we operate Highland Gold’s operations are   located around three main hubs   in the Khabarovsk, Zabaikalsky and  Chukotka regions of Russia, as well   as in Kyrgyzstan in Central Asia.  Operating Mine  Development Project  Pre-development Project Highland Gold Mining Limited | Annual Report and Accounts 2017 6 Strategic Report  Chairman’s Statement Eugene Shvidler  “Unlocking the Value of a  World Class Resource Base…” Dear Shareholder, It gives me much pleasure to report   that Highland Gold Mining’s 15th year as   a public company – Anniversary: 23rd  May 2017 – marked a period of steady  progress on all our strategic fronts.  Before I chronicle such progress, I would  like to draw your attention to the fact   that, after 15 years as a publicly quoted  enterprise, some 63% of your Company’s  shares are in ‘free float’ and our shareholder  base includes a wide range of UK,  European and US institutional investors.  Our commitment to good corporate  governance remains strong. Furthermore,  we continue to enjoy a strong dividend  record and a conservative debt profile.  As some of you will be aware, our recent  presentations to the investment and  mining communities have focused on  unlocking the value of our assets. I utilise  this phrase again because there can be  few better descriptions of management’s  primary objective which was furthered,  throughout the year under review,   by effective business strategies and  carefully monitored disciplines. Unlocking value came of age during 2017  when the results of extensive exploration  activity and a series of updated estimates  from our producing mines, Blagodatnoye,  and Kekura, our flagship development  project, culminated in a 56% increase   in the Company’s proven and probable   ore reserves from 3.26 Moz of gold and  gold equivalent to 5.10 Moz on a year-on- year basis.  This significant enhancement of our  reserves, accompanied by a lowering of  average grade from 8/0 g/t to 3.3 g/t  reflecting lower cut-off grades and  increased ore tonnage, underlines the  strength of our asset base, as does   a 6.6% increase in our mineral resources  Steady progress (measured, indicated and inferred)   to 17.2 Moz of gold and gold equivalent  compared to 16.1 Moz as at 31 December  2016. Further details regarding the  extension of our resources and reserves  are to be found in the Chief Executive’s  Report and the subsequent Operational  Review.  Our business strategy, as outlined in  recent years, is to balance a steady rate   of production from our operating mines  – MNV, Novo and Belaya Gora – with the  progression of our key development and  exploration projects, while