 Regulation and responsibility 58 GOVERNANCE The Board believes that high standards   of corporate governance contribute to  Playtech’s performance and continued  success. In this section we discuss  the way the Board runs itself and its  committees, and how decisions are  taken at Playtech.  Chairman’s introduction   to governance 67 Board of Directors 68 Directors’ governance report 70 Audit Committee report 77 Remuneration report  – annual statement 80 Remuneration Policy report 83 Annual report on remuneration 88 Directors’ report 95 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The financial statements provide an analysis  of our financial results and full audited  accounts for the 2017 financial year.  Independent auditors’ report 103 Consolidated statement   of comprehensive income 110 Consolidated statement   of changes in equity 111 Consolidated balance sheet 112 Consolidated statement   of cash flows 113 Notes to the financial statements 115 Company statement   of changes in equity 157 Company balance sheet 158 Company statement of cash flows 159 Notes to the Company   financial statements 160 Five-year financial summary 164 05 RESPONSIBLE GAMBLING THE WAY WE DO BUSINESS Committing to responsible business practices is not just the right thing to do –  it is critical to our long-term commercial success. We strive to conduct business and create products and services that prevent  gambling from becoming a source of crime, ensure that gambling is conducted  in a fair and open way and protect young people and other vulnerable   persons from being harmed or being exploited from gambling.  Playtech is also committed to provide a safe, fun and empowering experience   and to develop and offer best in class tools and data that can help   raise industry standards to: • Promote safer and responsible play;  • Empower licensees and players with advanced   customer engagement and responsible   gambling tools to reduce harm; and  • Improve the quality and use of data to reduce harm.  9 9 Playtech’s integrated management system (IMS) provides operators  and licensees with the latest responsible gambling protocols.   The IMS includes controls to ensure fair play through   fraud-detection services and responsible gambling   tools for players.  PLAYTECH PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT 12 OVERVIEW: A POSITION OF  STRENGTH IN THE INDUSTRY I am pleased to report that Playtech enjoyed  another year of operational success and as  a result finds itself in a position of strength  at the end of 2017. Despite headwinds  in regulated revenue in H1 2017 and  the disruptions in unregulated markets  experienced in the second half of 2017, the  strength of the underlying Playtech business  was demonstrated by the 18% revenue  growth for the Group at constant currency.  Moreover, given the operational progress  in our Playtech ONE Omni-channel offering  reported in 2017, Playtech is in an important  strategic position going in to 2018. The  strength of the new Live and Sports offerings  has delivered immediate results with new  contract wins in Casino and Live and our  first online sports book licensees for PBS  following the restructuring of our sports  division. Management believe that Playtech  ONE is at equal strength across all key  product verticals and will provide Playtech  with a strategic advantage in winning new  licensees in key regulated and regulating  markets in coming years.  A UNIQUE   Read more on page 20 Importantly, the strength of our balance  sheet and cash flows means Playtech can  continue to invest in our proven approach  in strategic, fast growing, markets in Europe  and Latin America by delivering and running  integrated online and retail solutions to the  ‘local heroes’ in these markets. It is these  land-based operators that are best placed to  lead the growth of the new online markets.  This will continue to drive the improvement  in the quality of earnings we saw in 2017,  with regulated revenue now reaching  54% of Group revenue in 2017 and set to  continue to grow. Moreover, the growth of  these important markets will also drive the  geographical diversification of Playtech’s  revenue base, an important strategic  objective for management in 2018.  Finally, we operate in a rapidly changing  and dynamic industry and it is important that  we continue to invest in the evolution of  the Playtech technology and offering. The  acquisition of BetBuddy in 2017 adds ever  greater Responsible Gambling functionality  to our platform, providing further support  to licensees in developed markets that  are facing increased responsibilities in  42 SPOTLIGHT In August 2017 Playtech announced it acquired  technology, intellectual property and customer  assets from ACM Group Limited, known in  the industry as 'Alpha', as part of its continued  strategy to enhance TradeTech’s B2B offering. As a result of the acquisition of the assets a  team from Alpha joined the TradeTech Group  and the brand TradeTech Alpha was created to  deliver a bespoke risk management and trading  solution to B2B customers.  We aspire to establish TradeTech as the World’s leading B2B and B2C financial  trading and liquidity provider offering best-performing products and adding  significant value to our licensees and retail brokers. 9 UNLOCKING THE TURNKEY SOLUTION WITH ACM The acquisition of these key assets brings with  it proprietary technology enabling TradeTech  Group to offer an enhanced suite of products  and services, which now include market leading  B2B risk management and bespoke trading  solutions to the industry.  Management believes that success for brokers  in the financial trading industry is driven by the  ability to acquire customers directly, monitor  their performance