 147 Index BT Group plc is a public limited company registered in England and Wales and listed on the London and New York stock exchanges. It was incorporated in England and Wales on 30 March 2001 as Newgate Telecommunications Limited with the registered number 4190816. Its registered ofﬁce address is 81 Newgate Street, London EC1A 7AJ. The company changed its name to BT Group plc on 11 September 2001. Following the demerger of O2 in November 2001, the continuing activities of BT were transferred to BT Group plc. British Telecommunications plc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of BT Group plc and encompasses virtually all the businesses and assets of the BT group. The successor to the statutory corporation British Telecommunications, it was incorporated in England and Wales as a public limited company, wholly owned by the UK Government, as a result of the Telecommunications Act 1984. Between November 1984 and July 1993, the UK Government sold all of its shareholding in British Telecommunications plc in three public offerings. This is the annual report for the year ended 31 March 2006. It complies with UK regulations and is the annual report on Form 20-F for the US Securities and Exchange Commission to meet US regulations. This annual report has been sent to shareholders who have elected to receive a copy. A separate annual review and notice of meeting (including summary ﬁnancial statements) for the year ended 31 March 2006 has been issued to all shareholders. In this annual report, references to ‘BT Group’, ‘BT’, ‘the group’, ‘the company’, ‘we’ or ‘our’ are to BT Group plc (which includes the continuing activities of British Telecommunications plc) and its subsidiaries and lines of business, or any of them as the context may require. References to the ‘ﬁnancial year’ are to the year ended 31 March of each year, eg the ‘2006 ﬁnancial year’ refers to the year ended 31 March 2006. Unless otherwise stated, all Chairman’s message BT Group plc Annual Report and Form 20-F 2006 3 Filename: 824560_01.3d Time: 14:32:47 Date: 20/05/06 Checksum: -1161971776 HELPING CUSTOMERS THRIVE IN A CHANGING WORLD We enjoy the fantastic privilege of serving around 20 million customers in 170 countries around the world. Their needs and expectations are constantly changing, so too is the market in which we operate and the technology at our disposal. That’s why an ability to embrace, and thrive on, change – developing new products and services, new ways of working and new ways of interacting with our customers – is essential to what we do at BT. When so much is changing, companies have to be crystal clear about what they stand for. BT has a strong and trusted brand, widely recognised around the world by shareholders, customers, suppliers and employees. The brand captures the essence of BT and tells existing and new customers what they can expect from us. We have summed this up in a new vision and mission. Our vision is to be dedicated to helping customers thrive in a changing world. And there’s not a wasted word in there. Dedication to our customers is what will differentiate us in an intensely competitive environment. Helping these customers to thrive means enabling them to do the things they want to do, when they want to do them and at the right price. It means helping them to recognise that a changing world is a world of opportunity and new experiences. And it means helping them to seize those opportunities. Our mission is to be the leader in delivering converged networked services. That’s the yardstick by which we’ll measure our success. Convergence is at the heart of everything we do for customers. We believe that this combination of absolute commitment to understanding our customers and to exploring the possibilities of convergence (blurring the distinctions between BT Group plc Annual Report and Form 20-F 2006 Chief Executive’s statement 4 Filename: 824560_01.3d Time: 14:32:50 Date: 20/05/06 Checksum: 202525795 between ﬁxed and mobile lines depending on where they are. And in the wholesale market, we are one of the ﬁrst companies in Europe to offer a broadcast digital TV and radio service via mobile handsets, BT Movio. MAXIMISE THE RETURN FROM OUR TRADITIONAL BUSINESS The number of ﬁxed-voice calls is no longer the best guide to the success of a telecommunications company as we encourage our customers to take up non-voice and subscription-based packages. At 31 March 2006, 67% of call revenue in the consumer market was under contract. We continue to develop and enhance our traditional services to make them more attractive to customers, as the success of BT Together and BT Privacy has demonstrated. In our traditional markets, as in the rest of our business, we are committed to working smarter – avoiding the costs of failure and duplication – and ever more cost effectively through using the internet. For example, over two million customers now receive e-bills. TRANSFORM OUR NETWORKS, SYSTEMS AND SERVICES FOR THE TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY Our twenty-ﬁrst century network (21CN) programme is further evidence of our ambitions. It is a massive investment in the UK’s infrastructure and in the UK’s continued competitiveness in world markets. Based on IP technology, it is designed to ensure that the delivery of the next generation of converged services is rapid and cost efﬁcient. CREATE LONG-TERM PARTNERSHIPS WITH OUR CUSTOMERS We never take our customers for granted. Nothing is more important than building successful, innovative, mutually- rewarding relationships with them. In recent years, we have focused in particular on driving down levels of customer dissatisfaction. The emphasis now is increasingly on improving customer satisfaction. In the 2006 ﬁnancial year, we achieved a 3% increase in the number of customers reporting that they are ‘very satisﬁed’ or ‘extremely satisﬁed’ with the services they receive from BT. Because the quality of service we offer customers is key to their satisfaction levels, much of our investment in training and development is directed towards developing a truly customer- centric culture in BT. OUR PEOPLE BT is a people