 Additional information for shareholders 141 Glossary of terms and US equivalents 156 Cross reference to Form 20-F 157 Index 160 BT Group plc is a public limited company registered in England and Wales, with listings on the London and New York stock exchanges. This is the annual report for the year ended 31 March 2003. It complies with UK regulations and is the annual report on Form 20-F for the Securities and Exchange Commission to meet US regulations. This annual report has been sent to shareholders who have elected to receive a copy. A separate annual review and summary ﬁnancial statement for the year ended 31 March 2003 has been issued to all shareholders. In this annual report, references to ‘‘BT Group’’, ‘‘BT’’, ‘‘the group’’, ‘‘the company’’, ‘‘we’’ or ‘‘our’’ are to BT Group plc (which includes the continuing activities of British Telecommunications plc) and its subsidiaries and lines of business, or any of them as the context may require. References to the ‘‘ﬁnancial year’’ are to the year ended 31 March of each year, e.g. the ‘‘2003 ﬁnancial year’’ refers to the year ended 31 March 2003. Unless otherwise stated, all non-ﬁnancial statistics are at 31 March 2003. Please see cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements on page 142. BT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2003 1 BT’s strategy is to create value for shareholders through being the best provider of communications services and solutions for everybody in the UK, and for corporate customers in Europe, achieving global reach through partnership. The fundamentals of our strategy are: & customer satisfaction & ﬁnancial discipline & broadband – at the heart of BT & value-added solutions for multi-site organisations with European operations & a clear network strategy, with uniﬁed management of all UK networks & a clear strategy for each customer group, including new services and brand extension & diverse, skilled and motivated people. 2 BT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2003 & Group turnover 1 of £18.7 billion, 2% up on prior year & Proﬁt before taxation 1 up 44% to £1.8 billion & Earnings per Chairman’s message 4 BT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2003 Sir Christopher Bland, Chairman, reports on a year in which BT further reduced debt, grew its dividend signiﬁcantly and continued to invest in the future. BT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2003 5 Company Board Iam delighted to welcome Clay Brendish, former deputy chairman of CMG plc, and founder and former executive chairman of Admiral plc, to the Board. Clay brings with him a wealth of experience in the information technology industry. His appointment with effect from 1 September 2002, on which shareholders will have the opportunity to vote at this year’s AGM, means that independent non-executive directors constitute a majority on your Board. People and prospects Finally, we would like to thank our customers, our shareholders and our people for their continued conﬁdence in and loyalty to the company. We are recognising the efforts of our people in meeting BT’s performance targets through awarding them 2% of the pre-tax proﬁts, £36 million, in the form of BT shares. We believe the company is well placed – ﬁnancially, operationally and managerially – to meet new challenges and to seize new opportunities. Sir Christopher Bland Chairman 21 May 2003 Key events and achievements June 2002 Launch of Openzone, BT’s public wireless LAN hotspot service September 2002 The UK’s most intensive TV campaign stimulates demand for broadband November 2002 BT wins e1 billion contract to manage and develop Unilever’s global communications infrastructure January 2003 Sale of stake in Cegetel for £2.6 billion April 2003 BT announces that it has connected more than 800,000 broadband customers Chief Executive’s statement Ben Verwaayen, Chief Executive, explains that BT will create value for shareholders by its passion for customer service, its focus on proﬁtable growth and its commitment to broadband. 6 BT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2003 A year ago, I said that there were three main parts to BT’s strategy. This year, I’m saying the same thing. First, we have a passion for customers. Second, we have broadband at the heart of BT – and BT at the heart of broadband. Third, we have rigorous ﬁnancial discipline. By concentrating on these three priorities we can continue to reward shareholders, drive down debt and invest in the business – where it matters. First and foremost, we are passionate about customers. Every time we deal with a customer, our goal is to deliver an excellent experience – an experience which is simple, but also complete. We are working to meet the needs that customers have today. And we are innovating to meet the needs they will have tomorrow. This means getting ever closer to customers, understanding their lifestyles and businesses, establishing long-term relationships with them. We are proud to serve individuals, families, small or medium-sized businesses, and global corporations. In the past year, our passion for customers has delivered results. For example: & consumers and businesses are now more satisﬁed with the way we provide and repair their services, as shown by our satisfaction surveys & packages such as BT Together, which has ten million residential customers, have been a major success story. From June this year, BT Together will be even simpler, making minute-by-minute charges for evening and weekend calling a thing of the past & we are the UK’s leading internet service provider for small and medium businesses & the order book for our solutions business is very strong and orders worth £3.6 billion were taken during the 2003 ﬁnancial year, including a major e1 billion contract to manage Unilever’s worldwide communications network for seven years & we promised that our major European operations would break even at the EBITDA level and, thanks to our market success and efﬁciency programme, we delivered & new business revenues among wholesale customers (other telecoms operators and internet service providers) grew by 85% year on year & and, very importantly, overall customer dissatisfaction was signiﬁcantly down by 37% for the company