 Chairman’s message BT Group plc Annual Report and Form 20-F 2005 3 Earnings per share in the 2005 ﬁnancial year, before goodwill amortisation and exceptional items, grew by 7% to 18.1 pence. While continuing to invest for the future, we generated free cash ﬂow of £2.3 billion, up 10%. The news on dividends is positive. We are recommending a full-year dividend of 10.4 pence per share, a pay out ratio of 57% of earnings before goodwill amortisation and exceptional items, compared to 50% last year. We continue with our progressive dividend policy. The dividend for the 2006 ﬁnancial year will be at least 60% of underlying earnings: subject to the group’s overall ﬁnancial position, we expect our pay out ratio to rise to around two-thirds of underlying earnings by the 2008 ﬁnancial year. We continued with our share buy back programme in the 2005 ﬁnancial year. This is being funded from cash generated over and above that required for servicing our debt. We have reduced net debt to below £8 billion, a level with which we are comfortable. Business progress In support of our strategy for transformation and growth, your Board gave backing during the year for a targeted series of acquisitions that will help to build our capabilities as one of the world’s foremost global networked IT services companies. These acquisitions offered value for money, had a compelling strategic ﬁt and brought capabilities to strengthen BT globally. In addition, passing the ﬁve million mark for broadband connections in the UK in early April was a key moment in the history of your company. Regulation BT welcomed the Strategic Review of Telecommunications by Ofcom. During the year we have worked to help inﬂuence and shape their thinking and made a radical proposal for a new regulatory landscape in the UK. We continued to argue strongly that structural separation was not in shareholders’ or customers’ interests. We look forward to the published outcome. Our position remains that a strategic and ﬂexible regulatory regime, together with rapid deregulation wherever possible, is vital to meeting customers’ developing needs and creating the conditions in which we, and others, can continue to invest with conﬁdence. Board membership There were a number of changes to your Board during the 2005 ﬁnancial year. I would like to welcome Hanif Lalani as our new Group Finance Director. Ian Livingston, who had occupied the ﬁnance role with distinction for three years, was appointed Chief Executive BT Retail with effect from February 2005. It is a testament to the strength of BT’s management team generally that we were able to appoint people from inside the company to such key roles. I would also like to thank Pierre Danon, who left the Board in February, for his signiﬁcant contribution as Chief Chief Executive’s statement 4BTGroup plc Annual Report and Form 20-F 2005 In 2005, convergence is at the heart of BT’s strategy. By convergence, we mean the ability to bring together our capabilities and capacities in new ways to make life better, simpler and cheaper for our customers. For our business customers this means productivity improvements; for consumers it’s about new, easier to use services. For customers of all kinds it means a more joined-up communications experience. So, for example, we offer our major corporate customers around the world a unique marriage of our networking experience and infrastructure with IT services. These used to be separate offerings, often supplied by different companies, but we’re bringing them together in one place. This means that however much their operations are dispersed around the globe, our customers can communicate and operate as one, anytime, anywhere, and at lower cost. What we’re doing in the mobile market is similarly about convergence – we aim to offer customers a converged combination of ‘the best of ﬁxed and the best of mobile’. Ultimately, our customers shouldn’t have to worry about ﬁxed or mobile when what they really want is freedom and ﬂexibility. This means that we have to ﬁnd ways of helping them communicate, wherever they are, using whatever device they choose, at the right price. And convergence is also what our twenty-ﬁrst century network (21CN) programme is all about. What our customers need to know is that the 21CN can support a range of technologies and services that will enable them to do the things they want to do – faster, more seamlessly and more cost efﬁciently. And because this new network will support a wide range of innovative services which are currently run on separate networks, it will be much more cost efﬁcient for BT. Global networked IT services We have raised our global proﬁle through targeted acquisitions, including Infonet and Radianz, and by increasing our holding in Albacom to 100%. We continued to play to our strengths in the networked IT services market. A few years ago, our position in this market was aspirational; today, we are competing with the best – and winning. The BT brand is now a powerful presence in the global networked IT services market. It’s a brand that stands for excellent networking skills and a genuine commitment to ﬁnding innovative ways of delivering what our customers want, end to end, leaving them free to do what they’re good at: running their businesses. Our ICT (information and communications technology) revenues were £3 billion in the year and the major contracts we’ve won indicate the conﬁdence that our customers are prepared to put in us. We now have a track record of meeting the needs of public and private sector customers in, for example, the ﬁnancial services and government arenas. Our networked IT services order intake for the year was over £7 billion. Broadband Broadband has been an enormous success story, not just for BT but for the UK as a whole, which now has the highest levels of broadband access of any country in the G7 group of nations. We hit our ﬁve million broadband lines target a year early. As broadband access becomes a fact of life for