 Financial highlights Financial highlights Group turnover † by Region Operating profit before impairments † by Region Group turnover † Up 9.8% Operating profit before impairments † Up 1 5.4% Cash spend on acquisitions in 2005 £342.9m Dividend per share ‡ Up10.2% Earnings per share – basic Up 47 .8% 2005 has been my first year as Chairman of Hanson PLC, having been appointed to the role in April 2005. I am pleased to be able to report that during 2005 the group once again achieved excellent progress against its primary objective, which is to create sustainable, long-term value for our shareholders.  We have grown the group turnover, earnings and margins of our existing businesses in 2005 and have added further value through a number of significant acquisitions. We have increased our dividend and share buyback programme.  Our operating environment has continued to change during the year, including further consolidation of our customer and competitor base. Both at a strategic and at an operational level, Hanson believes  it is meeting these challenges.  Returns to shareholders The Board recommends a final  dividend of 1 4.1 5p (1 2.80p) per share. This, together with the interim dividend, makes a total of 20p (1 8.1 5p) for the year, an increase of 1 0.2%. The “Investor information” section of this report provides payment details. Hanson has continued the on-market share buyback programme begun in 2004. During the year ended December 31 , 2005, we bought back 8,335,000 shares (6,350,000 shares) for £46.7m (£26. 1m), equivalent to 1.1% (0.9%) of outstanding shares. Board of Directors After the AGM in 2005, Chris Collins stepped down as Chairman. On your behalf, I thank Chris for his tremendous contribution, initially as an Executive Director of Hanson and then as Chairman. We are also grateful for the contributions over many years of Simon Keswick  and Kenneth Baker as Non-executive Directors, who also stepped down following the AGM. In August 2005, we welcomed John Brady to our Board as a Non-executive Director. John brings with him a wide experience gained in his years at McKinsey, latterly as a Director working on board strategy.  Corporate governance Although plans to introduce a mandatory Operating and Financial Review have been shelved by the UK government,  we are required to produce the equivalent of an Operating and Financial Review  to satisfy US regulatory requirements. “During 2005, the group once again achieved excellent progress against its primary objective, which is to  create sustainable, long-term value  for our shareholders. ” Mike Welton Chairman, Hanson PLC We have expanded this to give stakeholders in the group an insight  into the way in which the Board of Hanson PLC Chairman’s statement Chairman’s statement 2 Our customers Throughout 2005 as previously, a key aim has been, and will continue to be to make Hanson a truly customer focused company. We believe we should treat our customers in the same way we would expect to be treated ourselves – with courtesy and respect.  2005 performance summary I am very pleased with the performance we have delivered in 2005. We have achieved double digit earnings growth, completed a significant number of valuable acquisitions and increased  our returns to shareholders.  Operating highlights Group turnover † increased by 9.8% to £3,71 5.7m (£3,383.0m), of which 4.2% was due to the acquisitions we made in 2005. Excluding acquisitions, most of the 5.6% increase was due to increases in selling prices. Price increases have been necessary to recover those higher input costs that could not be absorbed through cost initiatives. Cost control is an integral part of our operational culture and  we continue to strive to be the lowest cost producer. In total, group operating margin † increased by 0.3ppts, despite the significant increase in costs, and the operating profit before impairments † increased by 1 5.4% to £488.8m. Excluding acquisitions and property income, operating profit before impairments † from the existing business grew by 1 3.6%. The majority of our  six divisions contributed to this growth with a 38.8% increase from the UK Aggregates division, 25.1 % from Australia & Asia Pacific, 20.2% from US Aggregates and 8.7% from US Building Products. These are excellent results and more than offset the difficult markets for our UK Building Products and Continental Europe divisions in 2005. Investing highlights £1 91 .8m of capital expenditure was invested in capital projects to maintain and to enhance our existing operations. In line with our ongoing capital expenditure policy, we aim to remain disciplined and biased towards projects which will have superior risk/return ratios. In the USA, construction has begun  on replacement pipe and precast manufacturing plants in T exas, Arizona and Florida and the construction of  a new greenfield roof tile plant near Jacksonville in Florida. In addition,  we completed the quarry replant at Bridgeport, Dallas and secured further mineral reserves in California. In the  UK, capital expenditure includes kiln refurbishment, plant automation and information technology projects. Plant upgrades were completed in Australia and additional mineral reserves have been secured in Spain. Acquisitions and disposals Our strategy to enhance shareholder value includes the acquisition of companies which extend our existing operations or geographies. In addition, our aggregates acquisition strategy helps maintain our long-term mineral reserves and resources position, which totalled 1 5.9bn tonnes at the end of 2005.  Eleven transactions were completed  in 2005 for a cash cost of £342.9m (£88.4m) and included the acquisition of Mission Valley Rock, which secured over 54m tonnes of reserves in the San Francisco Bay area. The acquisition of Sherman Pipe expanded our presence in the southeast region of the USA.  In the UK, the acquisitions of Chief Executive’s overview Chief executive’s overview 3 “In 2005, we have achieved double digit earnings growth, completed  a significant number of valuable acquisitions and increased our returns to shareholders. ” Alan Murray  Chief Executive, Hanson PLC †