 fresher
brighter
vital
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS AND FORM 20-F 2002
smoother
sweeter Most consumers don’t know
that they’ve touched, tasted,
smelled or seen ICI. But our
customers do. They know
when they buy ICI ingredients
they’re buying innovation,
strength, technology, service
and know-how – vital
ingredients that make us a
global industry leader.
03 financial highlights | 04 selected financial data | 07 chairman’s statement | 08 chief executive’s statement 
10 description of business | 20 operating and financial review | 33 board of directors | 34 executive management team
35 corporate governance | 37 directors’ report | 38 remuneration report | 47 directors’ responsibilities | 48 independent
auditors’ report | 49 contents to the accounts | 50 accounting policies | 52 group profit and loss account our group
52 statement of group total recognised gains and losses | 54 balance sheets | 55 statement of group cash flow
55 reconciliation of movements in shareholders’ funds | 56 notes relating to the accounts | 115 principal subsidiary
undertakings | 116 trading market for ordinary shares | 117 shareholder information | 124 definitions | 125 glossary
126 cross reference guide for Form 20-F | 128 index
National Starch
Turnover £1,841m
Trading profit
†
£224m
Net operating assets £1,441m
Employees 9,710
Sales by market sector
Food 24%
Personal & home care 14%
Diverse industrial products 19%
Paper & packaging 22%
Electronics 11%
Construction 10%
Quest
Turnover £716m
Trading profit
†
£82m
Net operating assets £447m
Employees 4,690
Sales by market sector
Food 60%
Personal & home care 40%
Performance
Specialties*
Turnover £804m
Trading profit
†
£49m
Net operating assets £459m
Employees 3,800
Sales by market sector
Diverse industrial products 71%
Personal & home care 24%
Food, agriculture, paper 
& packaging 5%
* Includes Synetix catalyst business, 
divested in 2002.
ICI Paints
Turnover £2,182m
Trading profit
†
£188m
Net operating assets £864m
Employees 15,740
Sales by market sector
Decorative and architectural 91%
Paper & packaging 9%
†
Before goodwill amortisation and exceptional items.
National Starch has an immense product range. It markets to
sectors as diverse as food, healthcare and construction. Four
divisions are grouped around adhesives, specialty starches,
specialty synthetic polymers and electronic and engineering
materials. Headquarters in the USA, with manufacturing and
customer service centres in 37 countries.
Performance Specialties concentrates on products which
deliver specific effects that influence how customers’ products
feel or perform. Personal care ingredients formulation, natural
and synthetic lubricants and polymers are areas of particular
expertise. Headquarters in the Netherlands, with manufacturing
in 12 countries.
Quest creates and markets flavours, food ingredients and
fragrance concepts and solutions for the fast moving consumer
goods industries. It makes vital ingredients for foods, snacks,
beverages, personal care, fine fragrances, and home hygiene
products. Headquarters in the Netherlands and the UK, with
operations in 38 countries.
ICI Paints With some of the world’s top paint and decorative
product brands, ICI Paints aims to inspire consumers to
transform their surroundings with performance products and
colour. It makes products to prepare and care for all building
materials, and also provides coatings for cans and packaging.
Headquarters in the UK, with manufacturing in 26 countries. ICI ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS AND FORM 20-F 2002
2
This report is the Annual Report and Accounts and Form 20-F of
the Company for the year ended 31 December 2002. It comprises
the Annual Report and Accounts of the Company in accordance
with United Kingdom requirements, certain portions of which will
be included in the Annual Report on Form 20-F that will be filed with
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless
specifically otherwise indicated, this report has been prepared as
at 12 February 2003, the date on which the Directors presented their
Annual Report and Accounts and on which the independent auditors
issued their opinion in compliance with UK requirements.
When the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended
31 December 2002 is filed with the SEC, certain information
contained in this report may be updated or supplemented.
A summary report for the year, the Annual Review for 2002, is
produced as a separate document and is issued to shareholders
unless they have elected to receive the full Annual Report and
Accounts. The Annual Review includes a statement from the Chairman
and Chief Executive, a summary review of activities, a Summary
Remuneration Report and Summary Financial Statement.
The Notice convening the Company’s Annual General Meeting in 2003 
is on pages 3 and 4 of the Chairman’s letter to shareholders dated
10 March 2003.
‘Company’ means Imperial Chemical Industries PLC. ‘ICI’, ‘ICI Group’
or ‘Group’ means Imperial Chemical Industries PLC and its subsidiary
companies.
A list of definitions and a glossary of terms and their US equivalents
appear at the end of this Report.
Words within single quotation marks, the letters ICI, the Roundel
Device, The Vital Ingredient, the Face Logo, Dulux, Glidden, National
Starch, Quest, Uniqema, Bondmaster, Ablestik, Acheson, Permabond,
Elotex and Vinamul are all trademarks of the ICI Group of companies.
Mania for Men, Eau Torride, Glow, Bora Bora and Washpoint are
non-ICI trademarks.
Forward-looking statements
This Annual Report and Accounts and Form 20-F contains
statements concerning the Group’s business, financial condition,
results of operations and certain of the Group’s plans, objectives,
assumptions, projections, expectations or beliefs with respect to
these items. These statements are intended as forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, without
limitation, those concerning:
• the Group’s strategy and its ability to achieve it,
• the benefits of the restructuring programmes in the Group’s
businesses,
• the Group’s debt reduction plans,
• the Group’s credit rating,
• expectations regarding sales, trading profit and growth,
• plans for the launch of new products and services,
• the impact of regulatory initiatives on operations and costs,
• the Group’s possible or assumed future results of operations
and/or those of the Group’s associates and joint ventures,
• capital expenditure and investment plans,
• adequacy of capital,
• financing plans, and 
• those preceded by, followed by, or that include the words
“believe”, “expect”, “intend”, “will”, “plan”, “anticipate”,
“goal”,“aim”, “seek” or similar expressions.
The Company cautions that any forward-looking statements in 
this Annual Report and Accounts and Form 20-F may and often 
do vary from actual results and the differences between these
statements and actual results can be material. Accordingly,
readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-
looking statements, which speak only at their respective dates.
The Company undertakes no obligation to release publicly the
result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements that
may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date
of this Annual Report and Accounts and Form 20-F, including,
without limitation, changes in the Group’s business or acquisition
strategy or planned capital expenditures, or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events.
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and
uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on
circumstances that will occur in the future. There