 145 Notes to the financial statements  19 Key performance indicators Nomination Committee  20 Our strategic focus 95 Report of the Nomination Committee  Additional information  26 Operating and portfolio review 96 Board evaluation 198 Business analysis EPRA disclosures  32 Financial review 99 Board induction 202 Business analysis Group  38 Our people and culture 100 Introduction from the Chairman of the  204 Sustainability performance  44 Our approach to sustainability Audit Committee  211 Alternative performance measures  49 Build well our commitment to 102 Report of the Audit Committee  212 Combined Portfolio analysis  the environment 108 Directors Remuneration Report  214 Reconciliation of segmental information  53 Live well our commitment to our Chairmans Annual Statement  note to statutory reporting  communities 110 Remuneration at a glance  216 Ten year summary  56 Act well our commitment to being 114 Annual Report on Remuneration  218 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates  a responsible business 125 Directors Remuneration Policy Summary 223 Shareholder information  58 Managing risk 128 Directors Report 226 Key contacts and advisers  60 Principal risks and uncertainties  227 Glossary  70 Going concern and viability  IBC Cautionary statement 72 Non-financial information statement Strategic Report Landsec Annual Report 2022 02 Our year in review In the past year, we have moved from lockdown  togrowth. From helping our customers survive,  toenabling them to thrive. The year ended with  new emerging challenges resulting from geopolitical  risk, and with rising inflation increasing pressure on  consumer incomes and affecting the construction  industry, but we remain very well placed. Operational  review 1. T his includes the  Central London Major retail destinations Mixed-use urban  purchase price for  neighbourhoods In our Central London portfolio, we During the year, we restructured  the property interest,  as opposed to the  achieved a record year of leasing, and strengthened our retail team  Demonstrating growth in action,  consideration paid  with 63m of office lettings to focus on supporting brand and  we grew our mixed-use pipeline by  for the acquisition,  completed, 4% ahead of valuers guest relationships, and building  c. 50% to c. 4bn total development which is net of  borrowings and other  assumptions. Our overall on opportunities to create a  cost through two acquisitions, with  applicable purchase  occupancy remains high, at 95.3%. best-in-class portfolio of major  planned investment of c. 1.5bn  price adjustments. UK retail destinations. We are  over the next five years expected  2. T his indicates the  We also capitalised on strong  seeing the results of this work,  to deliver a return of c. 350m.  Gross Asset Value  investment demand for office  with 29m of lettings signed or of U+I Group PLC  2 at 31 March 2021,  assets, with 0.4bn of disposals at We acquired U+I for 269m ,  in solicitors hands, on average 2%  as opposed to the  an average 06 Chief Executives  statement Growth  in action Strong operational and financial  performance. Delivering on strategy. Our performance during the financial year  to March 2022 has been positive, as our  proactive approach to asset management  and strategic decisions have started to bear  fruit. At the start of the year, the UK was  still in lockdown, with non-essential retail  Mark Allan and hospitality closed and most office- Chief Executive based staff working from home. However,  we have seen momentum build significantly  across our estate since restrictions were  lifted, as people seize on the attractions  W hat really binds  of spending time together in stimulating,  ourthree strategic  inspiring places.  areas together is  This is reflected in our operational results,  with strong leasing in London and a  theimportance of  recovery in occupancy and sales in retail,  and in our financial results, with a total  asense of place. accounting return for the year of 10.5%.  EPRA EPS was up 42% to 48.0 pence, driven  by 4.1% growth in like-for-like gross rental  income and the reduction in bad debt  Offices Retail Urban Landsec Annual Report 2022 Strategic Report 07 expense related to Covid-19 we recognised Across major retail destinations, we expect  in the prior year. We are proposing a dividend c. 25% of space will not be retail in the  of 13.0 pence per share for the final quarter, future, as we will introduce more diverse  bringing the total dividend for the year to food offerings, leisure and inner-city office  37.0 pence per share. space. Similarly, for mixed-use urban  neighbourhoods, it is the blend of office,  We saw a 3.6% valuation uplift on our  residential, restaurants, bars, shops and  portfolio for the year. This reflects our  green space which creates the attraction  strong leasing activity in both retail and  of a place and ensures its enduring success. London offices, with the latter driving 2.5%  growth in ERVs; a number of major lease Our strategy is grounded in our purpose;  regears in London, highlighting the Sustainable places. Connecting communities.  continued demand for high-quality office Realising potential. We have a sustainable  space; and upside from our profitable or attainable competitive advantage in  development activity and strategic each of our three areas of focus which will  investment decisions. Positively, virtually help us create long-term value for all our  every part of our portfolio witnessed stakeholders. With our achievements over  valuation growth in the second half of the the past year, we now have a significant  year, with retail values up 1.7%, leaving pipeline of opportunities in each area and  them effectively flat for the full year. With clear visibility on the potential returns on