 The Weir Group PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 10 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional Information CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S STRATEGIC REVIEW CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S STRATEGIC REVIEW CONTINUED WE CAPITALISED ON FAVOURABLE END MARKETS  2022 was a landmark year for Weir. RECORD ORDER LEVELS SECURED EXECUTING IN 2022  We demonstrated the benefits of focus: winning share in favourable  Throughout the year, conditions in mining markets were highly  markets, executing strongly and taking significant steps towards  favourable. Across most key commodities, market prices were  achieving our medium-term targets. We outgrew our markets and  AND STRONGLY  significantly above miners' cost to produce and end market demand  delivered significant year-on-year growth in revenue, profit and cash  was high. This was particularly the case for energy transition metals,  generation. such as copper, as physical inventory levels tightened through the  POSITIONED FOR  We also made excellent strategic progress in our ambition to make  year. mining smart, efficient and sustainable, working alongside our  With large greenfield expansion projects slow to convert, miners met  LONG-TERM customers and the broader industry to drive change. Highlights  demand by accelerating production from existing assets and by  included the launch of our redefined mill circuit, our production  developing harder and more complex ore deposits. This, coupled with  partnership model in ESCO and the next generation of our proprietary  a growing installed base and the effects of declining ore grades, drove  SUSTAINABLE  digital platform, Synertrex. Our safety performance improved with a  record demand for our aftermarket spares and expendables. In OE,  13% like-for-like reduction in the rate of total incidents2 (TIR), while in  we won market share as miners ordered Weir solutions to  July, we announced our Performance Excellence programme, which  GROWTH  debottleneck and improve the efficiency of existing assets. In  will drive further operational efficiency across the Group and support  particular, we saw strong demand for our industry-leading Warman  our long-term sustainable growth. Our recent acquisitions, Motion  mill circuit pumps that have significant productivity and sustainability  Metrics and Carriere Industrial Supply (CIS), both performed very well  benefits relative to competitor solutions. and ahead of initial expectations. Demand was strong in all regions, with North America supported by  Our strong performance across all metrics reflects the outstanding  particularly high levels of activity in the Canadian oil sands and Asia  work of Weir colleagues across the globe, and I would like to take this  Pacific seeing a strong recovery in Australia. Our growing  opportunity to thank them. Collectively, they dealt with the  geographical footprint allowed us to capitalise on new demand in  consequences of the horrific Russian invasion of Ukraine, widespread  ASEAN countries as miners made strategic investments in the region,  disruption to global supply chains, inflation at the highest level in a  such as in nickel expansion projects in Indonesia. Our new service  generation and the lingering effects of both the Covid-19 pandemic  centre in Kazakhstan enabled us to support growing demand from  and 2021 cyber incident. To have delivered so strongly in 2022 with all  customers in Central Asia, including a series of recently developed  of this going on is a testament to their commitment, passion and  copper projects. resilience. I am extremely proud of the team. In infrastructure markets, demand was stable at high levels in the first  Looking ahead, I am hugely excited about the future of Weir and our  half of the year. Demand was lower in Europe during the second half  commitment to deliver excellent outcomes for all stakeholders. We  as activity levels in end markets fell. Demand also softened, to a  have leading positions in highly attractive markets and unique  lesser extent, in the US during the fourth quarter. capabilities. This overall positioning and focus gives us confidence  5 On a constant currency basis , the Group delivered strong year-on- that we can outgrow our markets, expand our margins and convert  year order growth of 14%. Demand for AM was particularly strong  our earnings to cash, while remaining resilient and doing the right  and constant currency orders grew 17% year-on-year, reaching record  thing for our people and the planet, all of which we demonstrated in  levels. In OE, constant currency orders were up 3% year-on-year.  We made excellent 2022.  Orders in the prior year included the 36m Ferrexpo HPGR and 32m  progress in making  Indonesia electric pumps orders, and excluding these large orders  Our strong cash conversion meant net debt to EBITDA fell to within  from the prior year comparator, constant currency orders were up  miningsmart, efficient  our target range, being 1.5x at the end of December (2021: 1.9x).  16%. While, year-on-year, return on capital employed improved by 320bps  andsustainable. Group revenue was 21% higher on a constant currency basis as we  to 15.2%. converted our order book. Reflecting high levels of confidence in our strategy and future  prospects, the Board has today announced a final dividend of 19.3  WE EXECUTED STRONGLY FINANCIAL TARGETS ON  pence per share. This equates to a total full year dividend of 32.8  JON STANTON TRACK AND DELIVERING FOR ALL STAKEHOLDERS pence per share, which is 33% of adjusted EPS for the period, in line  Chief Executive Officer In 2022 we were successful in managing a complex operating  with our capital allocation policy. environment, where rising levels of inflation were a mainstay and  bottlenecks in global logistics channels were present for much of the  WE MADE EXCELLENT STRATEGIC PROGRESS  year. Our market leading positions enabled us to increase prices and  WINNING THROUGH WE ARE WEIR pass through all input