 Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officers  statement 1 Revenue 2022 Core operating profit 2022  Injectables 45% ($1,141m) Injectables 63%   Branded 27% ($691m) Branded 22% Our diversified business   Generics 27% ($672m) Generics 15% model enabled a resilient  Total $2,517m core performance in 2022  as we continued to deliver  1. Core operating profit is $596 million. Before unallocated corporate costs of $84 million  on our purpose. and operating profit from Other business of $3 million, core operating profit contribution  from business segments is $677 million was driven by strong demand for medicines flexibility and efficiency. This means sharing Our Generics business has continued to can read much more on the projects we  Increasing access to medicines Governance and leadership focused on chronic illnesses, including our our engineering expertise across our plants, build its specialty portfolio of higher barrier undertake and the impact we have on pages  Hikma was founded 45 years ago to increase I have enjoyed stepping back temporarily  growing oral oncology portfolio. We also saw leveraging our ability to supply our markets to entry products and dosage forms that 42 and 43 of this report.  access to affordable medicines. into the CEO role following the departure  a normalisation in demand for anti-infectives, from across our operational base, and are more insulated from pricing pressure.  of Siggi Olafsson in mid-2022. Siggi played  We are all too aware of the threat of climate  Our vision, to shape a healthier world that following some reductions in prior years due ensuring the manufacture of our broad By achieving a better balance between  an important role in Hikmas strategic  change and we are making good progress  enriches all our communities, acts as our to the COVID-19 pandemic. portfolio can adapt to meet changing demand. traditional generics and more durable  advancements in recent years and I would  towards achieving our target of reducing  guide, while our purpose, putting better products, the business will be on a stronger  again like to thank him and wish him well  Our Generics business was impacted by the We have continued to invest in increasing Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 25% by 2030.  health within reach, every day, is our reason footing for the future. We have a state-of-the- for the future. The search for a new CEO  intense competitive environment in the US, capacity, with new high-speed lines being We are also focusing on better understanding  for existing. As Hikma develops and grows, art manufacturing facility in Columbus,  is ongoing and an update will be provided  which drove low double-digit price erosion added in Portugal and New Jersey and our Scope 3 emissions, so that we can begin  we strive to deliver on our vision and purpose Ohio, and we will increasingly leverage its  when an appointment is made. and mid single-digit volume erosion. We also construction is underway for new Injectables to make improvements in this important area.  to have a positive impact on the world by capabilities and quality record for strategic  had a limited introduction of new products plants in Algeria and Morocco. We have a You can read more about our environmental  making medicines more accessible and contract manufacturing to help improve We have a strong independent Board, and  and a slower than expected ramp-up of new R&D leadership structure that is focused progress and how this links to remuneration  more affordable. the resilience of the business. I was delighted to welcome three female  recent launches. These factors resulted in on adding more complex products to our  on pages 46 and 96 of this report. Non-Executive Directors in 2022, each of  a reduction in revenue of 18% and a decline portfolio. We are establishing our new sterile  Financial performance Financial returns whom will bring fresh thinking and leadership  The strategic bedrock to all three of the  in core operating profit of 49%. Despite these compounding business in the US and while  to Hikma. businesses is our people. Culture has been  The Group saw a slight revenue decline of We generated good cashflow in 2022, which  challenges and thanks, in part, to the focus in its infancy now, this business is set to be  an important focus for us since inception.  1% versus 2021, with a reduction in core has enabled a final dividend of 37 cents per  we have put on improving efficiencies in an important contributor to Hikma in the  Looking forward Throughout the year, I have enjoyed visiting  operating profit of 6%. At a divisional level, share. Combined with the interim dividend  recent years, we delivered a core operating future as we establish ourselves as a leading  our sites around the world and seeing how  we saw a variation in performance with the of 19 cents per share, this represents a 4% I am confident and very excited about  margin of 15.3%, in line with our guidance, compounder in this market. We continue to  our culture of progress and belonging is  effect of severe industry-wide competitive increase in the total dividend for 2022. While Hikmas future.  with core operating profit of $103 million. make good strategic progress in our MENA  embodied in how our people are living our  pressures in Generics partially offset by our financial performance in 2022 lagged our  Looking ahead, we are focused on building Injectables business. In 2022, we signed new  We have a strategy that will drive growth and,  values: innovative, caring and collaborative.  good growth from our larger Injectables longer-term track record, we are confident  a more diversified product portfolio, with licensing deals with Celltrion Healthcare and  most importantly, a strategy that will keep 74 Executive Chairmans overview