 Annual Report on Remuneration 2022 149 Group Key Performance Indicators 62  Company Statement of  Directors Report 171 Business Unit 66 Changes in Equity 263 Financial Review 70 Company Statement of Cash Flows 264 Risk Management 86  Notes to the Company  Going Concern and Viability 96  Financial Statements 265 See Alternative Performance Measures  A Additional information on pages 279 and 281 Glossary 275 Alternative Performance Measures 279 Five-Year Summary 282 Shareholder Information 283 1 Contents OCADO GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2022 (44.4) 1,598.8 (214.5) 1,756.6 (52.3) 2,331.8  (176.9) 2,498.8 (500.8) 2,513.8  510.8 59.5  850.6 43.3  1,706.8 73.1  1,468.6 61.0  1,628.0 (74.1) STRATEGIC REPORT Contents OCADO GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2022 OUR BUSINESS AT A GLANCE A global, technology-led,  How we report today We currently report the activities of our business across  software and robotics  three operational segments, described below: platform business Our culture and values Our purpose Our desire to innovate is what drives  To solve complex problems for the worlds  our culture and its our values and  largest grocery retailers and businesses  behaviours that enable our success  empowering us to grow and transform  beyond grocery.  our business globally at pace to  International Solutions UK Solutions and Logistics Retail We empower our people to drive change through learning and growth.  build our success for the future. Reflecting long term Reflecting both long-term A pure play online grocery  Our technologies, knowledge and experience provide our Client  Solutions contracts with Solutions contracts for UK clients, retailer, serving big basket and  Partners with sustainable and efficient solutions enabling competitive  Were in  international partners for Ocado Retail and Morrisons, immediacy missions to 940,000  advantage, and profitable, scalable growth for them and our trusted  the provision of the Ocado and contracts for the provision active customers in the UK.  suppliers. We achieve this responsibly with minimal impact on the it together. Smart Platform (OSP) of logistics (distribution and A 50:50 joint venture with  environment and a positive influence on the communities we serve.  as a managed service. fulfilment) and other services. Marks & Spencer.  We can be  Key highlights Key highlights Key highlights even better. Who we are What we do Material acceleration in the global Delivering operating Strong growth in active  roll-out of OSP whilst also adding efficiencies ahead of target customers to underpin recovery  A global, technology- We provide a leading  more Client Partners and CFC for our UK Client Partners. in revenues and profits as  Were proud of  led, software and technology platform, commitments to our pipeline. pandemic comparables fade  what CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW Building blocks all now in  place for profitable growth  and strong cash flows Despite these headwinds, the  What were the biggest What are you most excited  business posted only a small decline  challenges this year? about in the coming year? in revenue this year. More importantly,  For all businesses, evolving Ocado Retail ended the year with 2023 will see us go live in Asia Pacific  economic uncertainty represents 940k active customers, +13% more (APAC) for the first time, with the  a challenge. These times require than the year before, highlighting the launch of three automated sites  real operational agility, and a underlying demand for the service. across Australia and Japan. That is a  renewed focus on management of Operationally, the latest sites are huge step, taking our footprint truly  organisational structure and cost, achieving more than the targeted 200 global at the operational level.  to enable delivery of key priorities UPH, before reaching mature volumes. The next year will also see delivery of  in the most efficient way possible.  the Re:Imagined suite of technologies,  The underlying performance remains  We see this in Ocado Retail, where across the new 600 series bot, grid  strong, and under our new CEO,  changing and, now, subdued with optimised site design, and a host  Hannah Gibsons leadership, I am  consumer shopping behaviours of software upgrades. This is a truly  optimistic about the path ahead. required a fast reset in approach groundbreaking step forward which  With so many OSP partners  compared with the pandemic years. will revolutionise what success looks  In the Group, weve been focused like for clients and Ocado Group, in  now live, how do you think  on ensuring we are well capitalised terms of both customer proposition  about the meaning of  to deliver on our significant growth and attainable economics, and in  partnership in your contracts?  roadmap, whilst reshaping our grocery and across the whole ASRS  Has that thinking evolved  internal structure to make sure and robotic handling sectors.  we are using these resources in  with the pace of delivery?  It is an exciting time as we get closer  the most prudent way.  to commercial roll-out by the end of  For us, the meaning of partnership  Operationally, the teams have deftly the coming year. hasnt changed. We are committed  navigated stretched supply chains  to supporting our Client Partners to win  Tim Steiner and cost challenges and made sure  in the online grocery channel in their  CEO that we continue to motivate and  respective markets. We do this through  Q&A. 28 February 2023 support our people through these  the delivery of the best technology  challenging times. OSP to enable that success,  alongside sharing key learnings to  As Chairman of Ocado Retail,  make the most of that platform.  how do you reflect on  What has evolved is our hands-on  Delivery is progressing well and  What do you think were  We have