 2 as a % of total staff Tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent As at March each year 2022 14% 2022 11,659 2021 11% 2021 6,673 2020 10% 2020 10,094 CULTURAL KPIS P28  Auto Trader Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 1 STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTS  Auto Trader Connect We launched Auto Trader Connect as part of  our April 2022 pricing event, which has gone  We continue to  well. This gives customers access to our most  fundamental and powerful taxonomy data,  improving advert quality, pricing decisions  and enabling stock to be updated on  execute against  Auto Trader in real-time. our strategy c.40%  of third-party software  providers are now integrated  with Auto Trader Connect  We aim to grow our core  marketplace, bring more of the car buying  journey online through digital retailing  and become the industry standard data  OUR PURPOSE-DRIVEN STRATEGY P12  platform; whilst maintaining our commitment  to all aspects of ESG via our make  a difference strategy. OUR STRATEGIC PILLARS Consumer engagement and  retailer numbers are at record levels Our financial performance, customer numbers,   Marketplace Digital retailing consumer engagement and product uptake are  at record levels. Throughout the year we have  also strengthened our competitive position.  Data as a platform Make a difference +5% increase in the average number  OUR PURPOSE-DRIVEN STRATEGY P12 MAKE A DIFFERENCE P36  of retailer forecourts advertising  on our platform during 2022  Individual online car buying  components live in trial We continue to focus on supporting an  increasingly online car buying journey and have  made good progress in developing both the  component parts which will form our end-to- OPERATIONAL REVIEW P30  end deal builder journey and scaling some of  the key enablers to support digital retailing. 10,000+ consumer vehicles disposed  of through our Instant Offer  product during 2022 THE DIGITAL CAR BUYING JOURNEY P16  2 Auto Trader Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT G OVER NANC E FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  Acquisition Welcoming Jasvinder Gakhal  of Autorama to the Board In March 2022, we announced that we Jasvinder was appointed as an Independent  have agreed to acquire all the share Non-Executive Director to the Board, with effect  capital of Autorama (UK) Limited, subject from 1 January 2022. Following Jasvinders  to regulatory approvals. Autoramas appointment, the Board comprises five  online marketplace and fulfilment Independent Non-Executive Directors, three  capabilities will transform Auto Traders Executive Directors and a Non-Executive Chair. existing leasing proposition helping  meet the demands of the growing  number of consumers who might  consider leasing their next new vehicle. MATERIAL DECISIONS MADE P22  BOARD OF DIRECTORS P72   April 2021  pricing event We successfully executed our annual  pricing event in April 2021, 6 Auto Trader Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT G OVER NANC E FINANCIAL STATEMENTS We are also continuing to evolve our logistics Our people We expect the price lever to be broadly  marketplace to support an increasing volume Our people have continued to show resilience consistent with last year, and the stock lever  of vehicle moves direct to consumers. Over the and determination through what has been to be flat. We anticipate average retailer  year, our platform facilitated c.122,000 (2021: another very unsettled year. As we have been forecourts to be marginally down year-on- c.98,000) moves of which c.15% were delivered able to open our offices properly once again, year, as market conditions start to toughen.  directly to the consumer. its been brilliant to see how people have Consumer Services is expected to increase  come back together to collaborate and at a rate of low-mid single digits year-on- In March 2022, we announced that we have to re-establish relationships. We are now year, while Manufacturer and Agency  agreed to acquire all of the share capital of operating a hybrid working model which remains unclear due to well documented  Autorama (UK) Limited, subject to regulatory encourages people to collaborate in our supply chain issues. These two areas only  approvals. Autoramas online marketplace physical office spaces, but also allows them represent c.10% of total Group revenue.  and fulfilment capabilities will transform the freedom to work from home. I am proud of Despite pressure on costs, we anticipate  Auto Traders existing leasing proposition and what we have all achieved and I am excited Operating profit margins to be consistent  help meet the demands of the growing number about what the next year will bring. year-on-year at 70%. This outlook does not  of consumers who might consider leasing their include the acquisition of Autorama, which  next new vehicle, while providing an efficient I would like to thank our people, our customers will be provided upon completion. The  and professional channel to market for and our wider stakeholders for their continued completion date is not yet known as not all  manufacturers and leasing companies. In time, trust in our business. We have tried to do the regulatory approvals have been received.  Autorama will be able to leverage Auto Traders right thing by everyone, such that working with Despite growing economic uncertainty, the  brand to accelerate its recent expansion, or for Auto Trader feels like a partnership. Board is confident of meeting its growth  beyond light commercial vehicles, into new expectations for the year. cars. There is a significant structural Outlook opportunity for a new car leasing marketplace The new financial year has started well.  driven by the growth of electric cars, new In April this year, we successfully executed  manufacturers entering the UK market, our annual pricing event which included the Nathan Coe lower take up of company car schemes and launch of our Auto Trader Connect product. Chief