 Tate & Lyle PLC Annual Report 2022 14 OUR BUSINESS TODAY CHIEF  EXECUTIVES REVIEW This transaction represents an ambitious  HIGHLIGHTS Unlocking our growth  and bold step forward for Tate & Lyle. By  enabling Primient to chart its own future,  potential: This has  Tate & Lyle has been transformed into a  REVENUE GROWTH  purpose-led, growth-focused food and  beena landmark year   CONTINUING OPERATIONS beverage solutions business serving  as we repositioned faster-growing speciality markets. Our  unique product portfolio and leading  +18% Tate & Lyle as a  technical capabilities in sweetening,  mouthfeel and fortification position us very  growth-focused  well to benefit from the growing demand  for food and drink that is lower in sugar,  GROWTH IN ADJUSTED PROFIT  speciality food and  calories and fat, and with added fibre.  BEFORE TAX   CONTINUING OPERATIONS beverage solutions  To support this growth, we are increasing  our investment in R&D, innovation and  business.  solutions development. We will increase  +14% spend on R&D to more than 4% of Food &  I am very proud of how our colleagues  Beverage Solutions revenue each year,  haverisen to the many challenges of the  andwe expect to grow revenue from  past year, delivering a strong financial  GROWTH IN ADJUSTED DILUTED NewProducts to around 20% of Food &  performance while also completing a  EARNINGS PER SHARE Beverage Solutions revenue by the end  major strategic transformation to create   CONTINUING OPERATIONS ofthe 2027 financial year.  two strong standalone companies. To do  this during a global pandemic while living  With our new focus, positive top-line  our purpose, serving our customers and  momentum, and increased investment  +4% accelerating innovation is truly remarkable  ininnovation, we are confident we have a  and a testament to their resilience, agility  strong platform from which to accelerate  and ambition. In many ways the last 12  growth. Our ambition for the five years   Tate & Lyle (continuing  months have been even tougher than the  ending 31 March 2027 is to: operations) delivered double- first year of the pandemic, as everyone   Deliver organic revenue growth of  digit revenue and profit growth started the year exhausted from that  mid-single digit percent each year   Strong innovation performance experience. Despite that, we have thrived   Expand operating margin by at least 50   Major strategic divestment  as a business, emerging stronger and  to 100 basis points each year on average repositions Tate & Lyle as a  positioning both Tate & Lyle and Primient   Improve organic return on capital  growth-focused business  for exciting futures with capacity for  employed by 50 basis points each year   Agreement to acquire leading  investment and opportunities for growth. on average. dietary fibre business in China  2030 sustainability metrics  REPOSITIONING TATE & LYLE AS A GROWTH- We will also continue to accelerate growth  ontrack FOCUSED BUSINESS through value-enhancing acquisitions.   New equity, diversity and  In July 2021, we announced we had entered  The performance of Food & Beverage  inclusion metrics established into an agreement to sell a controlling  Solutions over the four years ended   Strong balance sheet  stake in our Primary Products business  31March 2022, a compound annual  supporting investment for  inNorth America and Latin America, and  2 revenue growth of 8% , supports our  growth and c.500 million  our interests in the Almex and DuPont  ambition and shows the potential of  special dividend paid in  Tate & Lyle Bio-Products joint ventures  Tate & Lyle as a growth-focused business. May2022 (together called Primient), to KPS Capital  Partners, LP (KPS). The details of the  The transaction also gives Primient the  transaction, which was completed on  opportunity as an independent company to  1 Percentage growth in constant currency. 1April 2022, and the shape of the two  unlock its growth potential. We have been  2 Excludes Sucralose and the retained Primary  companies, are set out on pages 16 and17. impressed with KPS and are excited to  Products business in Europe. partner with them in the next phase of  Primients development. KPS has proven  Tate & Lyle PLC Annual Report 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS USEFUL INFORMATION 15 Thanks to the superb efforts  of our people and resilience  of our business, we have  notonly survived the  pandemic but thrived,  emerging as a stronger  business ready toseize the  opportunities ahead. NICK HAMPTON Chief Executive expertise in managing and creating value A YEAR OF STRONG PERFORMANCE secondly, short-term operational  from large manufacturing businesses, Discussing our results this year is a disruption, including from the installation  andwe look forward to working with them littlemore complex than usual, since of new gas turbines at the facility in  under thelong-term agreements we wehave tosplit our reporting between Lafayette, Indiana, US. In the longer term,  haveestablished which provide supply continuing operations (new Tate & Lyle these new turbines will increase efficiency  security and economic protection to both mainly Food& Beverage Solutions and environmental performance at  businesses. We will also benefit from andSucralose), and discontinued thefacility. Commodities saw higher  ongoing cash dividends from Primient and operations (the Primary Products profits due to exceptionally strong  potential future value creation from the businessin the Americas in which we marketconditions. 49.9% equity stake we have retained. solda controlling stake to KPS now  In Tate & Lyle, we saw cost inflation  Primient). For the purposes of my review,  Two standalone companies totalling 100 million during the year in  as I talk to our results,