 Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions Women in our workforce Profit after tax attributable to owners of Rio Tinto Underlying EBITDA2 30.3Mt (equity CO2e) (2021: 31.0Mt) 22.9% (2021: 21.6%) $12.4bn (net earnings) (2021: $21.1bn) $26.3bn (2021: $37.7bn) Independent cultural heritage audits completed1 Total dividend per share 37 (2021: 20) 492 cents (2021: 1,040 cents)  For more information about sustainability, see page 46. For more information about our financial review, see page 26. 1. The independent cultural heritage audits undertaken by Environment Resources Management (ERM) were a Board action in response to the 2020 Board review of cultural heritage management. All 37 audits were finalised in 2022. 2. A reconciliation of underlying EBITDA to its closest IFRS measure is presented on page 163.  Our purpose Finding better waysTM to provide the materials the world needs For 150 years, we have been looking for new and better ways of doing things. Our drive for innovation and continuous improvement is at the core of our purpose. Today, you will find our teams around the world seeking opportunities to reduce our carbon footprint, partnering to develop new technologies to decarbonise steel and aluminium production, and creating new products from waste. Our ambition is to be a business with a commodity mix that is aligned with evolving customer demand in a decarbonising world. But we cannot do it on our own. So we strive to create partnerships that solve problems and create win-win solutions with lower societal and environmental impact. The approach applies as much to large-scale, transformational innovation as to incremental everyday progress, such as our safety and operational performance. And we are finding better ways to partner with Indigenous peoples and host communities. From continuing to rebuild our relationships to putting in place our new co-management agreements and improved ways of working, we are focusing on open and transparent engagement. Our aspiration is to be the partner of choice for communities, governments, customers, suppliers and joint venture partners. We want to be a home to curious people who care about their work and colleagues, are courageous about the challenges they face and find better ways to do things.  At a glance Our business 1 We operate in 35 countries where our 54,000 employees are working to find better ways to  provide the materials the world needs. Our portfolio includes iron ore, copper, aluminium, lithium  and other materials needed for people, communities and nations to grow and prosper, and for the  world to cut carbon emissions to net zero.  We have been mining for 150 years, and we continue to build on a history and knowledge that span  generations and continents. Today, our business relies on technology such as automation and  artificial intelligence to help us run safer, more efficient operations and leave a lighter footprint. Iron Ore Aluminium Segmental Underlying Production 8 Annual Report 2022 | riotinto.com Strategic report The early evidence of  Chief Executives Q&A progress against each of the  four objectives is heartening,  not just in terms of our 2022  performance, but also in giving  us confidence that we have a  truly exciting improvement  journey in the years to come. Q&A with Jakob Stausholm  In terms of climate change, quite frankly we A highlight this year was resetting our Most notably, in November we signed an  How did we perform in 2022? How can evolving our culture unlock  2022 highlights have not advanced our abatement projects as relationship with the Mongolian Government agreement with the Puutu Kunti Kurrama and  improvements needed to make us the  This year has been all about progressing our  fast as we would like. But despite that our and successfully executing our first significant Pinikura people to create the Juukan Gorge  best operator?  strategy and delivering against our four  Scope 1 and 2 emissions were 7% below our M&A in a decade through our acquisition of Legacy Foundation as part of the remedy for  objectives to build a stronger Rio Tinto for the  Zero Changing our culture is key to achieving each  2018 baseline. Our capital spend on Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd. This doubled our the destruction of the rock shelters in May 2020.  long term. The strong foundations of our business  of our four objectives. When people feel  decarbonisation was also lower than we interest in Oyu Tolgoi to 66%, a mine that is on This is a significant step forward, but we know it   world-class assets, great people and strength  respected and valued, they feel empowered to  fatalities anticipated in 2021. It is important to note that track to be the fourth-largest copper mine in will be a long journey to rebuild trust.  of balance sheet allowed us to achieve solid  be their best selves and bring their best ideas.  this is a multi-decade journey and today we the world.  financial performance despite the challenging  (2021: zero) For example, our Safe Production System (SPS)  What is the focus of 2023? have a more robust roadmap to our 2030 and  environment we faced. We definitely made We progressed our Western Range and  relies on this unlocking the potential of our  2050 targets. I am really excited about the momentum  progress in 2022, but there is lots more to do. Rhodes Ridge iron ore projects in Western  employees, their skills and expertise, and  were building. We have a clear purpose, an  We are ramping up our technical skills, building Australia, positioning us strongly to meet future  creating stable, predictable operations. Ive  Most importantly, 2022 was our fourth  ambitious strategy, and I am convinced we  $16.1bn competencies and capabilities, and forming customer needs. They are both exciting  been impressed by our progress in 2022,  consecutive fatality-free year. But we continue  have