 3 Ireland All figures on this page relate to the year ended 31 January 2023. 1. Turkey joint venture included. 4. Castorama 95. Brico Dpt 123. Screwfix 5. 2. Total, not full-time equivalent. 5. Our stores in Turkey, Kota, are operated as a 50% joint venture. Store  figure as of 31 December 2022.  3. B&Q 316. Screwfix 872. Kingfisher 2022/23 Annual Report and Accounts 1 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Chairs statement Kingfisher has seen a tremendous amount of change over the Underpinning our purpose is a determination to operate the  last few years as we set about modernising the company and company in a way that is sensitive to the current and future  positioning it for future growth. We are now three years into the needs of the communities and customers we serve, our  Powered by Kingfisher strategy and Chief Executive Thierry colleagues and the planet. Kingfisher has a long history as  Garnier and his team have done a great job organising the a pioneer of Responsible Business and we are committed to  resources of the Group. This means we can make the most of staying an acknowledged leader in the field. Over the last year  our overall size and scale while keeping, through our local teams, we made good progress in a number of important areas. These  the majority of operational decisions as close to the customer include the roll out of immersive diversity and inclusion training  as possible. for senior teams, the creation of new development programmes  for store-based colleagues, support for apprenticeship  Last year this strategy delivered above average market  programmes, reducing our carbon emissions, increasing the  performance in all our banners together with solid increases in  number of sustainable products we offer and setting new,  customer satisfaction and colleague engagement. These are the  ambitious targets as part of our net zero commitment. These  vital signs for a company like Kingfisher and its encouraging to  and other initiatives are covered in detail in this report and will  see them consistently on the rise. At the same time, continued  hopefully provide compelling evidence of our determination to  investment in our IT and digital capability is paying dividends and,  play our part as a good corporate citizen. along with other initiatives, such as the opening of our first  Our ESG commitments and progress are discussed in detail  Screwfix store in France last October, gives us great  on pages 23 to 26. confidence in our ability to generate growth in shareholder  value going forward. Good governance is an integral part of the Companys success.  We have a diverse and balanced Board who make a strong  Our strategy and infrastructure investments are also making  contribution to strategic development and stewardship of  Kingfisher a more resilient business, one more capable of  the Group. Recently, the Board received inclusive leadership  absorbing and responding to external shocks, of which there  training and completed an externally facilitated Board  seems to be no shortage. During the year we saw this greater  effectiveness review. The outcome of this review was positive  resilience clearly as our supply chain and stock availability held  and concluded that the Board operates effectively and well.  up very well despite the significant sourcing challenges created  In May we were delighted to welcome Bill Lennie to the Board.  by repeated Covid-19 lockdowns in China and the impact on  Bill spent the bulk of his career in the US Home Improvement  energy prices and supplier confidence arising as a result of  market and his deep knowledge of the sector has been very  the war in Ukraine. much in evidence in his early dealings with both executive and  Board colleagues. Bill will be a great asset to the business  In the year, the Group delivered a resilient financial  going forward. performance, particularly given the year on year comparable  and the impact of rapid inflation and rising interest rates on  I would also like to thank all my other colleagues on the Board  consumer confidence towards the end of the year. Overall  for their continued commitment and support of the business.  revenues for the Group were down 0.7% (3-year LFL up 15.6%),  We have had challenges to face over the past 12 months and  adjusted pre tax profits at 758 million with statutory pre-tax  the quality of the Board and its collegiate way of working has  profits at 611 million, down 39.3%. The Board is proposing a final  clearly helped us make good decisions, often at pace. I must  dividend of 8.60p, which would make the total dividend for the  also thank Thierry and the team for their tireless efforts to  year 12.40p and bring our total return to shareholders in the year  drive the business forward and our wider base of colleagues  to 583 million. right across the business who make Kingfisher what it is. Our purpose is to make better homes accessible for everyone.  We look forward with confidence. Short term macro economic  This is a task that is always worthwhile but perhaps never  challenges are clearly present but with a compelling strategy,  more so than right now. The pandemic has changed the role  excellent leadership and the evident commitment of our  of the home with more working from home and with energy  people, I remain very optimistic about our prospects. management an increasing priority for both households and  governments, this is a time when Kingfisher can really step  up and help. The recent surge in interest in our energy saving  Andrew Cosslett products and services has been remarkable and with the profile  Chair of the Board of the transition