 on the Companys page of the Managers website. This highlights  Earnings and Dividend a handful of areas of significant change which are likely to yield  Monks invests with the aim of maximising capital growth rather  some exciting growth opportunities in the future. These include  than income. All costs are therefore charged to the Revenue  where opportunities may exist as the World transitions away from  Account. The Boards policy is to pay the minimum dividend  fossil fuels towards renewable energy and where technology and  required to maintain investment trust status. Retained earnings  software may help to unlock scale constraints for healthcare and  are reinvested in the portfolio. In order to build in headroom for  biotech businesses. We do not expect returns to be linear   further buybacks that may reduce the shares in issue qualifying  volatility is part of long-term investing. The Manager is in a strong  for dividends, the Board is recommending that a single final  position to identify attractive growth opportunities at compelling  dividend of 2.35p be paid, compared to 2.0p last year, to ensure  valuations in order to deliver attractive long-term returns for  that the amount retained for the year does not exceed that  shareholders. The Board remain confident in the investment  permissible. approach and optimistic about the future.  Governance and Sustainability  Annual General Meeting The Companys Managers continue to be very focused on  The Companys AGM has been scheduled to take place on  ensuring the holdings in the portfolio address the needs of all  Tuesday 6 September 2022 at the Institute of Directors, Pall Mall,  stakeholders. At the same time, they wish to back and encourage  London, SW1Y 5ED. Last year, the Board announced and fully  ambition amongst the companies that they own for you. This  intended to hold a physical meeting but, given the ongoing  requires deep understanding of individual companies and the  uncertainty created by rising infections and the potential impact   patience to engage with management. Just as Monks invests for  of short-notice cancellation by key participants owing to sickness,  the long term, we encourage the investee companies to do the  reverted to a purely administrative meeting held at the Managers  same. Each year the Managers have material engagements with  offices, limiting attendance to those required for a quorum.   well over half the holdings in the portfolio. At present, an industry  We very much hope that this year circumstances will permit us to  is emerging around the narrow measurement of Environmental,  meet the Companys shareholders in person. Nevertheless, given  Social and Governance factors. Whilst we will pay close attention  that Covid-19 remains in circulation and new variants may present  to these and in time will report on metrics we feel are appropriate,  new challenges, the Board encourages all shareholders to  we think that patient engagement with and encouragement of  exercise their votes at the AGM by completing and submitting a  company management teams is the best way to enhance  form of proxy. We would encourage shareholders to monitor the  long-term returns, and much of this cannot be captured  Companys website at monksinvestmenttrust.co.uk where   quantitatively. I would strongly encourage you to refer to the  any updates will be posted and market announcements will   Monks Stewardship Report 2021 on the Company page of   also be made. the Managers website and read more about how the Managers  thoughtfully engage with the companies they invest in on   Among the resolutions being put to shareholders at the AGM,  your behalf. new Articles of Association are recommended for adoption.  Details of the proposed changes are provided in an Appendix to  The Board the Notice of Annual General Meeting. Among them are the  Following the retirement from the Board of James Ferguson and  provisions necessary for the Company to hold hybrid or remote- Edward Harley, the Directors reviewed the skills, experience, and  only general meetings. These provisions are being introduced  balance of tenure lengths of the remaining Board members;  purely to enhance the operational resiliency of the Company, to  considered recent and anticipated developments in the commercial  be used in extremis to ensure that the essential business of the  and regulatory landscape; and appointed Odgers Berndtson to  Company can be conducted, should circumstances prevent the  commence the search for a new Director. holding of physical meetings. For avoidance of doubt, the Boards  preference will always be to hold physical general meetings,  Outlook allowing shareholders the opportunity to discuss the business  Shareholders have experienced a sharp share price decline in the  arising with Directors and Managers in person. last year but it is at times like these that it is of utmost importance  that the Managers stick to their longstanding investment  Should shareholders have questions for the Board or the Managers  approach, which is based on bottom-up stock picking and a  or any queries as to how to vote, they are welcome as always to  focus on growth companies. The vast majority of the portfolio  submit them by email to trustenquiries@bailliegifford.com or  holdings continue to perform well operationally, and in the  call 0800 917 2112. Managers view, remain strongly placed to grow over the long  term. An important aspect of the approach is for the Managers   KS Sternberg to remain far sighted in their outlook as they seek to identify  Chairman long-term structural change. I would encourage shareholders to  20 June 2022 read the Managers latest Research Agenda, which can be found  The Monks Investment Trust PLC 03 Strategic Report  The Managers Core Investment Beliefs We believe the