  19 How we do it 38 Chairman's introduction of changes inequity The three books, which allow us to   21 The value we create 40 Board of Directors 6 Consolidated statement of cash flows present our work in 2022 to you through  24 Key performance indicators 43 Direct reports to the CEO 7 Notes to the financial statements the three important lenses of growth  opportunities, sustainability goals and 28 Financial review 44 Board Leadership and 49 Intertek Group plc  financial performance, should be read  34 Operating review CompanyPurpose Company balance sheet together to form our Annual Report &   34 Products 63 Division of Responsibilities 50 Intertek Group plc  Accounts 2022.  38 Trade 65 Composition, Succession Company statement of changes in equity  40 Resources and Evaluation 51 Notes to the Company  43 Principal risks and uncertainties 67 Nomination Committee report financial statements Look out for these throughout the report: 49 TCFD statement 71 Audit Committee report 54 Independent Auditors Report  Reference to another page in the  report or to an external web page 58 Section 172 statement 78 R emuneration Committee report 61 Glossary  64 Group non-financial information 104 Other statutory information Alternative performance measures  I ntertek Sustainability DisclosureIndex statement 108 Statement of Directors 64 Shareholders and corporate information  O nline Review 2022 responsibilities Visit our website formore information Book one Book two Book three intertek.com B Bo ook ok on one e B Book ook t tw wo o B Book ook th thr ree ee 1 Intertek Group plc Annual Report & Accounts 2022 Contents Strategic Report Sustainability Report Financial Report Science-based customer  excellence is our differentiator.  It enables us to be at the forefront of the worlds most critical and exciting industries, doing amazing things to help See how  businesses everywhere we're making  the world  become ever better. ever better Its the science behind what we do that drives As proven industry experts, its not just  the customer excellence advantage. The what wedo that makes us unique, its how  intelligence and expertise of our network of we do it. We area force for good bringing  Total Quality Assurance Experts, combined quality, safety and sustainability to life in  with a drive for continuous improvement, more than 100 countries, creating value  anddata-driven innovation, gives our forall our stakeholders now and into  customers the solutions they need to thefuture. powerahead with confidence. B Bo ook ok on one e B Book ook t tw wo o B Book ook th thr ree ee 2 Intertek Group plc Annual Report & Accounts 2022 Contents Strategic Report Sustainability Report Financial Report making the world ever better by advancing artificial sight Medical device companies face multiple Ensuring the safety of an supported by Intertek our customer will  challenges as they work to get safe and effective innovative visual implant design and test a new unit for use at  products to market. From contamination and The recent Visual Prosthesis initiative we home by trial subjects. stability issues to failure resolution and quality supported in the US is the culmination of decades  control. Our medical device testing experts help of research dedicated to providing artificial sight An engagement of this length and depth is a  resolve these issues through scientific solutions to blind people. regular scenario for us, as many breakthrough  based on more than 30 years of experience medical products go through various stages  in materials science and mechanical and Our Medical Device team in Massachusetts of development before they get to market.  chemical testing. wasengaged to carry out the regulatory testing In some cases, we work with clients for many  needed to demonstrate the devices safety, years before final regulatory approval. Our commitment to Science-based Customer soweconducted a design review of the implant  You'll be  Excellence accelerates our customers product and applicator and undertook EMC safety testing Our customer was extremely grateful for  development and enables smoother regulatory to the IEC 60601-1 standard. The prosthesis oursupport, acknowledging that we enabled amazed where  submissions and approvals. We support wasapproved by the U.S. Food and Drug them to get to an incredibly exciting and  you find Intertek customers through the entire product lifecycle Administration and surgically implanted in the important point, not just for the field of  from clinical research, product development and first participant, as clinical trials commenced. biomedical engineering but also for people  Find out more about  regulatory submission, through to production. with blindness around the world. our medical device  Itsan approach thats tangibly making the Following the trials, and after further evaluation  testing expertise worlda better and a safer place. and regulatory approval which will also be Book one Book two Book three 3 Intertek Group plc Annual Report & Accounts 2022 Contents Strategic Report Sustainability Report Financial Report fuelling innovation in aviation Intertek Caleb Brett is a global leader in testing to refiners, producers and blenders, distributors, important role in the quality control of the fuel  and inspecting petroleum, chemical and biofuel consumers and research institutes. used in the firstsustainable (bio) jet fuel flights. cargoes. Across nearly 400 sites worldwide, we  deliver 24/7 independent quantity and quality Ground-breaking sustainable jet fuel Following recent amendments to the ASTM  inspection and laboratory testing services. For more than a decade, we have been helping D-7566 specification for describing aviation  SkyNRG develop a robust Total Quality Assurance turbine fuels and ensuring the quality of  You'll be You'll be  Our expertise in scientific and analytical programme to provide their customers with synthetic blending components, regular flights  amazed where assessment supports the entire supply chain for sustainable jet fuel thats just as reliable and using sustainable jet fuel are now possible. amazed where  biodiesel, ethanol, biomass and other biofuels, safeastraditional petroleum Jet A1 fuel.