 Barclays International: Consumer, Cards 54 The Barclays PLC Strategic Report 2022 was  Analysis of results by business 385 approved by the Board of Directors on 14  and Payments February 2023 and signed on its behalf by the  Non-IFRS performance measures 392 Managing risk 56 Chairman. Viability statement 58 397 Financial statements The Strategic Report 2022 is a part of Barclays  PLCs Annual Report 2022 and is not the  Non-financial information statement 60 Financial statements contents 397 Groups statutory accounts. It does not contain  ESG ratings performance 63 the full text of the Directors Report, and it does Consolidated financial statements 416 not contain sufficient information to allow as full  ESG-related reporting and disclosures 64 Notes to the financial statements 424 an understanding of the results and state of  affairs of the Group and of its policies and  TCFD Content Index 65 arrangements concerning Directors  remuneration as would be provided by the full 66 Shareholder information Annual Report 2022. Key dates, Annual General Meeting,  Report of the auditor dividends, and other useful information 66 The Auditors report on the Financial  statements of Barclays PLC for the year ended  31 December 2022 was unmodified, and its  statement under Section 496 of the Companies  Act 2006 was also unmodified (see page 399 of  Part 3 of the Annual Report 2022). Strategic Shareholder Climate and Risk Financial Financial Barclays PLC 02 report information sustainability report Governance review review statements Annual Report 2022 Group overview Barclays supports individuals and small businesses  A resilient universal bank  through our consumer banking services, and larger  businesses and institutions through our corporate and  built to deliver double  investment banking services. Barclays is diversified by  business, geography and income type.  digit returns 7.0bn 336.5bn 10.4% Profit before tax Risk weighted assets Return on tangible equity (PBT) (RWAs) (RoTE) Barclays UK Barclays International 2.6bn 73.1bn 18.7% 5.0bn 254.8bn 10.2% PBT RWAs RoTE PBT RWAs RoTE UK retail and business banking Consumer, Cards and Payments Corporate and Investment Bank Helping customers with their day-to-day banking needs and Offering credit cards and retail products outside of the UK, a Aiding money managers, financial institutions, governments,  business services for clients from high-growth start-ups to small global private bank, and enabling businesses around the world supranational organisations and corporate clients to manage  and medium enterprises (SMEs), to make and receive payments. their funding, financing, strategic and risk management needs. Read more Read more Read more + + + Page 49 Page 54 Page 52 Barclays Execution Services Barclays Execution Services (BX) is the Group-wide service company providing technology, Read more + Page 48 operations and functional services to businesses across the Group.  Strategic Chief Executives introduction I write to you at the end of a year which saw many  Our performance unexpected events. It followed a sequence of  Our business performed well in 2022 and we have  such years and may not be the last one. In 2022,  Strong and supportive  demonstrated our continued financial resilience,  we witnessed the largest conflict in Europe since  notwithstanding the unusual events of the year.  World War II, a resulting energy security crisis, a  We created broad-based income growth even as  sustained rise in interest rates across the  franchise in testing times we continued to take a cautious approach to the  developed world, political uncertainty in the UK  macro environment. We produced an annual  with associated movement in gilt yields and in  income of 25.0bn, PBT of 7.0bn, Return on  Our strong operating performance in 2022 has  sterling, and the first re-alignment of global  Tangible Equity of 10.4% and ended the year with a  geopolitical lines since the end of the Cold War. A  CET1 ratio of 13.9%. We have approved dividends  been powered across all our businesses - they  year ago, I wrote that we were entering a period  of 7.25p per share and announced buybacks of  of unusual uncertainty. Ihad far more benign  1.0bn worth of shares for the year ended 31  have individually generated strong returns in an  scenarios in mind than what has actually  December 2022. Our share count has decreased  transpired. Not only was this an eventful year, but  uncertain operating environment, and they fit well  by over 9% since December 2020. it has followed the devastating human and  I attribute this performance to the strength of our  together. We played an important role in delivering economic tragedy of COVID-19, the  franchise our businesses are operating well  repercussions of which still persist. Lastly, in  individually and complement each other collectively. value for our stakeholders, and in helping them  Barclays, in 2022 we faced our own challenge of  discovering and reacting to a costly over- Barclays UK, which serves consumers and small  overcome the challenges they faced this year. businesses across the country, produced income  issuance of securities in the US.  of 7.3bn, PBT of 2.6bn and a RoTE of 18.7%.  I want to use this letter to share my views on our  The income growth in the business was the result  performance and our priorities, and also my  of higher interest rates, increased transaction- thoughts on the UK as we look ahead into 2023.  based revenues and higher mortgage balances. It  Our performance has been strong but we must  was particularly important that we kept our costs  remain prepared for testing economic and  flat at 4.3bn (2021: 4.4bn), as a result of a long- market conditions.  term ongoing programme of digitising the  production and delivery of our offerings. We see clear opportunity  Our Consumer, Cards and Payments business  which includes our partnership cards