 Chief Executive Officers  review n what was my 30th year at IHG and  my fifth as CEO I will remember 2022 as  I one of significant achievements delivered  by our extraordinary colleagues around  the world. Supported by the strength of  our brands and enterprise platform, we  saw RevPAR move closer to pre-pandemic  levels, passed the milestone of 6,000 open  hotels, and continued the transformation  of our business to further enhance our  offer for guests, owners and colleagues. People continue to prioritise travel, with  consumer surveys indicating travel to be  among the most resilient of discretionary  spending areas, even with inflationary  pressure. Leisure has led the way, with  business travel and group activity improving  steadily. Across our major markets, demand  returned quickly with the lifting of Covid-19  restrictions, and we saw strong average daily  rate growth as the year progressed. By Q4,  Keith Barr Chief Executive Officer RevPAR versus 2019 in the Americas was  +9%, EMEAA was +8.8% and, reflecting  stringent control measures that impacted  Key highlights in 2022 peoples ability to travel, Greater China  was -42.1%. That said, whenever restrictions  have eased in Greater China, demand has  returned strongly, and we see positive signs  for 2023 as the region reopens.  269 467 The strength and scale of our brands and  Hotels opened Hotels signed  wider enterprise platform continues to allow  (291 in 2021) (437 in 2021) us to capture demand for our hotels and  drive revenue, which, coupled with disciplined  cost management, supports profit growth.  Operating profit of $628m improved from  51% 20% $494m in 2021. Operating profit from  Of total openings were for Of our pipeline now  reportable segments rose 55% to $828m.  our Holiday Inn Brand Family represented by Luxury  Fee margin was also ahead of 2021 and 2019,  & Lifestyle brands and we have been able to grow the dividend  for shareholders and carry out a $500m  share buyback programme.  Continued strong owner appetite for our  >10% 18 brands saw 269 properties open in 2022,  Proportion of pipeline Iberostar Beachfront Resorts  contributing to adjusted net system size  contributed by the six brands becomes IHGs 18th brand growth of 4.3%. This was achieved despite  added since 2017 (excluding  global supply chain and construction  Iberostar Beachfront Resorts) pressures, and restrictions constraining  development activity in Greater China.  The signing of 467 hotels took our global  pipeline to 1,859, which is 31% of todays  system size. 12.2m 58% We can be proud of this performance,  Loyalty members added The proportion of digital  which was achieved while responding to the  year-on-year since launch bookings made with a mobile  ongoing impact of the pandemic, especially  of IHG One Rewards device following the launch  in Greater China, and other challenges.  of the new IHG app In response to the war in Ukraine, we ceased  all operations in Russia, alongside supporting  our humanitarian charity partners and hotels  in providing shelter to those affected.  | 6 IHG Annual Report and Form 20-F 2022 3_Chair_and_CEO_review_v72.indd 6 3_Chair_and_CEO_review_v72.indd 6 23/02/2023 16:51 23/02/2023 16:51 Strategic Report Furthermore, IHGs technology systems were 13% of our system size and 20% of our total In 2022, this included new or enhanced  subject to unauthorised criminal access in pipeline, which is approaching twice the size procurement programmes, streamlined  September a constant threat that we and it was five years ago. housekeeping models and evolved brand  many companies must remain alive to in standards to help mitigate inflation.  Further evolving our portfolio, in 2022  todays world. In response, we activated Supporting the industry on a broader scale,  we announced a long-term commercial  recovery plans, and our teams and external important progress was also made alongside  agreement with Iberostar Hotels & Resorts  specialists worked to support owners, hotels governments and trade bodies in addressing  to strengthen our presence in resort and  and guests. labour shortages, rising costs and  all-inclusive destinations. Adding up to 70  travel restrictions. Strategic progress properties to IHGs system under the Iberostar  While our industry must adapt to an evolving Beachfront Resorts brand, the agreement is Growing responsibly macroeconomic environment, its long-term testament to how the transformation of IHG As we strengthen the business, its important  growth fundamentals remain unchanged, in recent years has enhanced our reputation we do so responsibly and sustainably for our  including peoples desire to travel, a growing as a valued partner. This brand sits in a newly people, communities and planet. In 2022, we  population and rising wealth in emerging created Exclusive Partners category, where we developed innovative ways to reduce waste,  markets. Oxford Economics expects global continue to explore further new opportunities plastic, energy and water usage in our hotels,  hotel room nights consumed to be back to drive additional system growth. including introducing new brand standards  above 2019 levels by 2024 and to grow at and a bespoke tool to reduce energy and  Transforming loyalty a CAGR of +6% from 2022 through to 2032. costs. We were also there for our communities,  Key to the success of our brands is the  Our strategy enables us to capitalise on responding to natural disasters and delivering  investment in the enterprise platform that  this demand, with this years achievements thousands of volunteer acts of service through  supports them, with this years transformation  illustrating our ability to strengthen returns our Giving for Good month. Bringing our plans  of our loyalty programme at the forefront of  and enhance our culture, operations and to life are our people, and we made progress  our customer centric