 02 London Stock Exchange Group plc  Annual Report 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT T N N O E C N S I A M O T C P I E I A I T T T S G A Y I A A M M L L I   A N R D T N A O LSEG at a glance continued THE TRADE LIFECYCLE We are an integral  partner for our customers  across every stage of the  trade lifecycle, in multiple  asset classes. Divisions Data & Analytics Capital Markets Post Trade  High-value data, analytics, indices, Venues/platforms for access to Clearing, risk management,  workflow solutions and data capital through issuance and capital optimisation and  management capabilities. secondary market trading for regulatory reporting solutions. equities, fixed income, and  foreign exchange (FX). Financial highlights Revenue Revenue Income (excluding recoveries) 4,944m 1,459m 991m Data & Analytics 67% Capital Markets 20% Post Trade 13% 1 Growth +4.2%, and +5.3% +9.8% +7.5%  when excluding the impacts of (including NTI) the Ukraine/Russia conflict Customer profile A broad range of financial market participants, including banks, buy-side and sell-side trading desks,  hedge funds, asset owners and managers, corporates, brokers, academics and issuers. Market positions #1 real-time data business. Leading dealer-to-client Leading global clearing house   A leading global index FX platform (FXall) and with >90% global share of  and benchmark provider leading global interbank cleared interest rate swap  (FTSE Russell). FX venue (Matching). notional outstanding.  Leading provider for Know Leading fixed income,  Your Customer screening derivatives and ETF electronic  though World-Check. trading platform (Tradeweb). 1 Pro-forma growth assumes that the acquisition of Refinitiv took place on 1 January 2021 for the prior year comparator. Growth is on a constant  currency basis, excluding the impact of the deferred revenue accounting adjustment. Revenues and costs associated with the BETA divestment  have been classified as discontinued and are excluded from all periods. For more detail on  our business model  refer to pages 36-39. 03 London Stock Exchange Group plc  Annual Report 2022 E P A M F P O   L       L K L & O A   A S Y I T A T R I I T M   P P E A A D D N A C N T C A Chairs statement Overview Governance LSEG has continued to perform Our Group is built on a strong  strongly, despite an uncertain heritage and the Board seeks  macroeconomic environment, to operate to high governance  and is well positioned for further and ethical standards. Further  growth. Total income excluding detail is available in the Boards  recoveries was 7.4 billion, up governance report from page 88. 1 5.7% on a constant currency  In October, William Vereker joined  basis, and 06 London Stock Exchange Group plc  Annual Report 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executive Officers statement continued Our strong cash generation At a high level, our plans comprise  enables us to continue to four main elements:  Our new long-term  make significant but targeted The migration of our data  investments. In the medium to platform to Microsoft Azure,  strategic partnership with  long term, these investments allowing much greater flexibility,  will deliver a more scalable and usability and scalability than  Microsoft is a win-win-win:  efficient business and enhance we have today. our customer offering. In 2022, An enhanced version of LSEG  a win for our customers,  we completed the acquisitions of Workspace with seamless  GDC, MayStreet and TORA within Teams communication and  a win for Microsoft and  our D&A division and Quantile in Microsoft 365 interoperability,  our Post Trade division. We also including built-in compliance  a win for LSEG. announced the acquisition of features for the first time. Acadia, subject to regulatory The development of new  approvals. By combining these analytics tools, combining  additional capabilities with the best of our data and  our connectivity into, and analytics with Microsoft AI  relationships with, market and collaboration tools. participants all over the world, A 10-year cloud deal  we will create substantial value underpinning all our  1 Growth in total income excluding recoveries for our customers. work together. And we see plenty more Weve also agreed to explore the  opportunity ahead. development of digital market  infrastructure based on cloud  Can you provide more detail  technology, with a goal to  5.7% on your strategic partnership  transform how market participants  with Microsoft? interact with capital markets. 2021: 6.1% Our new long-term strategic  1 Pro-forma, constant currency growth, excluding the impact of the deferred revenue  partnership with Microsoft is What are the strategic  accounting adjustment. 2022 growth includes the impact of lost revenue as a result  a win-win-win: a win for our opportunities and challenges  of the Ukraine/Russia conflict. customers, a win for Microsoft in the data economy?  Growth in adjusted earnings per share and a win for LSEG. As digital technology becomes  more integral to all sectors of the  It is a transformative partnership  economy, data is becoming  for LSEG and will significantly  increasingly important as the  accelerate our strategy to be the  foundation of digital trade.  16.7% leading global financial markets  OECD research estimates that  infrastructure and data provider.  rapidly growing cross-border  2021: 71.9% Were bringing together LSEGs  data transfers already contribute  leading data sets, analytics and  $2.8 trillion to the global economy,  global customer base with  and further estimates show that  Microsofts trusted cloud services  global data flows are expected  For more information on our purpose  and global reach to transform  to grow to $11 trillion by 2025  and strategy