 easyJet.com 1 CHAIRMANS LETTER Building Europes  most loved airline When I joined the Board last year, I was convinced  that easyJet could be a structural winner in the  evolving European airline industry, serving  customers well and delivering attractive shareholder  value. Having met with employees across the  business and our investors, and worked closely with  management and my Board colleagues over the  past year, I remain of that view. The year was one of substantial  Results accomplishment for easyJet in unusually  The year was truly one of two halves a  demanding circumstances. The first half  first half with defensive focus on minimising  was burdened by continued Covid-19  cash burn in the face of pandemic travel  Stephen Hester impact on the whole sector, followed by  restrictions, followed by a second half  Chairman inflationary headwinds from Russias  dedicated to supporting a dramatic volume  invasion of Ukraine. In common with many  ramp-up and a gratifying return to  other global industries, the wider air  profitability. This showcased the work done  Demand has been  transport ecosystem also suffered  during the pandemic to enhance route  significant operational growing pain from  network and revenue sources and to  strong for easyJets  an unprecedented ramp-up of travel  protect cost-efficiency. volumes once travel restrictions had lifted. primary airport network  Revenue for the full year increased 296% to  Caps at two of our main hubs, London  5,769 million (2021: 1,458 million).  following the removal of  Gatwick and Amsterdam Schiphol, coupled  easyJet was able to achieve a 1.1 billion  travel restrictions. This  with actions easyJet implemented, led to  improvement in EBITDAR from the prior  the fourth quarter returning to more  year despite headwinds. And while the  summer saw load  normal operational stability. Summer  Group reported a headline loss before  demand was strong for easyJets primary  factors return to above tax of 178 million, this was an  airport network and saw load factors return  improvement of 958 million versus the  90% for the first time  to above 90% for the first time since the  prior year. Pre-tax profit for the fourth  pandemic began. This period of restriction-  quarter was 477 million. since the pandemic  free travel saw easyJet deliver a record  Dividends resulted in the fleet  headline EBITDAR performance, as ancillary  Given a reported loss, the Board will not be  revenue and easyJet holidays  being grounded in  recommending payment of a dividend in  supplemented rising ticket revenues and  respect of the year to 30 easyJet.com 71 CHAIRMANS STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CHAIRMANS STATEMENT ON  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE An intense year has seen the Board focus on  navigating industry-wide challenges from Covid  recovery, while charting a strong longer-term  strategy, positioning easyJet to be an industry  winner in the years ahead. Stephen Hester  Chairman  Introduction Activities in the year I am pleased to introduce this report which  Contents of the Corporate  Strategy and purpose describes the activities of your Board  The Board allocated a significant amount  Governance Report during the year, along with our governance  of time to reviewing the strategic priorities  Board and Airline 74 arrangements.  in the year, undertaking an iterative  Management Boardprofiles approach in order to explore the risks and  This has been an important year for  opportunities in detail and ensure that our  Our governance framework 82 easyJet and its Board. The first half saw  purpose and ambition were aligned. This  Covid-19 in full effect across Europe, with  Board activity in2022 86 included in-depth discussions over the  many travel restrictions and associated lack  course of several meetings on topics such  of flying. Resilience and financial strength  Board Committees and 94 as growth, cost, revenue and customers. were the overriding priorities. Quicker than  activities during theyear many forecast, economies opened up in  As a result of this process, the Board  Directors Report 122 the spring and, across the industry in  articulated the refreshed purpose  Europe, flying has returned very fast. The  statement, Making low-cost travel easy,  industry- and economy-wide challenges of  and the targeted destination of being  managing the bounceback have been well  Europes most loved airline winning for  publicised. The Board has been intensely  our customers, shareholders and people.  focused on working with management to  Further information is set out on pages 4  navigate this as well as possible for  to 7. The Board continues to keep the  customers, employees and shareholders. At  strategy under review and will monitor how  the same time, a two-year global hiatus for  the purpose and destination are delivered. Covid-19, with its associated existential  Fleet challenge for aviation, required a careful  At the same time as these strategic  re-engagement this year with questions of  discussions were taking place, the Board  easyJets strategic positioning going  reviewed the longer-term fleet  forward. The Board spent considerable  requirements. In June, we announced that  time on this, reviewing our purpose and  we had reached agreement with Airbus to  strategic aspiration, the roadmap and tools  supply 56 A320neo aircraft for delivery  to achieve it and confirming our belief that  between FY26 and FY29 and to convert 18  easyJet is well-positioned to be an industry  A320neo aircraft for delivery between  winner in the years ahead. All of these  FY24 and FY27 into the larger A321neo  considerations have been underpinned by  aircraft. The transaction firmed up the  our commitment to the highest standards  order book with