 70 INCHCAPE ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Compliance with the UK Corporate GovernanceCode The 2022 Annual Report and Accounts is prepared with reference to the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code (Code)  which is published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) and available at www.frc.org.uk. The Corporate Governance  Report on pages 70 to 122, describes how we applied the principles of the Code throughout the year and gives references  where key content can be found elsewhere in the Annual Report and Accounts.  We have complied with all Code provisions throughout the year ended 31 December 2022 except for Code provision 38,  where the pension contribution rates for executive directors, or payments in lieu, should be aligned with those available  tothe workforce. Since the last Remuneration Policy was introduced in 2020, the UK pension offering has been simplified in  astandardised defined contribution plan (from a mix of defined benefit and defined contribution arrangements). As such  the contribution rate is now estimated to be approx. 7% to 7.5%. Our Group Chief Executive (CEO) received a pension  allowance of 10% of salary which was set at his appointment in 2020 and was in line with the blended rate applicable  toother UK employees at the time. Under the proposed Remuneration Policy, to be put to shareholders at the AGM in May, newly appointed Executive  Directors will receive a pension contribution rate of 7% of salary, in line with UK employees. For the incumbent CEO,  hispension allowance will be frozen at the current value, as an interim step, and reduce to 7% after 31 December 2023. Board leadership and Company purpose Boards role The Board is collectively responsible for defining, approving, and monitoring the Accelerate FURTHER READING strategy to ensure it delivers long-term sustainable success within a fast-changing  Strategy  environment. pages 5 to 7 Director biographies  The Directors use their judgement and objectivity, supported by a structured governance   pages 78 to 79 framework, which enables the Board to operate effectively, generating value for shareholders,  and contributing to wider society. Matters reserved  forthe Board  If a Director has a concern about the running of the Company which cannot be resolved,   www.inchcape.com itwould be recorded in the Board minutes. No such concerns arose during 2022. Purpose, values and culture The Groups purpose is underpinned by the Accelerate strategy and Responsible Business FURTHER READING Plan. In order to operate effectively, it is important that the appropriate culture is embedded Strategy   pages 5 to 7 throughout the business, and this is approached in several ways: Employee   Code of Conduct; engagement   A designated Non-Executive Director responsible for workforce engagement;  page 21  Whistleblowing hotline; Responsible Business   pages 37 to 42  Remuneration policies and practices;  Setting appropriate financial targets and monitoring performance against targets  throughout the year;  Employee engagement survey; and  Delegated authorities. THE ONE INCHCAPE VALUES & BEHAVIOURS We Great Fresh Better  deliver experiences thinking together We deliver great experiences through fresh thinking and working better together  INCHCAPE ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022 71 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT  CONTINUED Board leadership and Company purpose continued Resources and controls The Board reviews performance against strategic targets throughout the year and reviews FURTHER READING certain key performance indicators to ascertain whether the necessary resources are in place  Principal risks  to achieve the Groups strategic aims. Through its governance structure, the Board also pages 62 to 66 ensures that the necessary controls, processes and procedures are in place to drive a strong  Internal controls  ethical culture to facilitate the delivery of the strategy.   pages 91 to 92 Engagement The Company has a broad group of clearly defined stakeholders and engages with them FURTHER READING  viaa variety of channels allowing the Board to understand what issues are important to  Stakeholder  stakeholders. The Chair of the CSR Committee is the designated Non-Executive Director engagement   pages 20 to 22 responsible for engagement with the workforce.  Workforce policies The Code of Conduct, among other policies, sets out the behaviours expected of our FURTHER READING  employees and ensures policies remain aligned to culture and support long-term success.  Responsible Business  Other policies include health and safety, anti-bribery and corruption, inclusion and diversity, pages 37 to 42 and whistleblowing, which are all available in multiple languages. The Board recognises the  Non-financial  importance of a two-way flow of communication and the importance of employees having  information  the facilities to raise matters of concern, via the whistleblowing hotline. Any whistleblowing  statement  claims are integrated with case management software to support efficient and effective pages56to 57 investigation, remediation and reporting. Division of responsibilities The role of the Chairman The Chairman is responsible for the leadership of the Board and is separate from the role of FURTHER READING  Group Chief Executive. He sets meeting agendas designed to encourage constructive debate Board evaluation   page83 and promote a culture of openness and inclusion. He oversees that all Directors receive  accurate, timely, and clear information. The Chairman is considered independent. Composition of the Board As at 31 December 2022, the Board comprised of the Chairman, one Executive Director, FURTHER READING  andsix Non-Executive Directors. The Group Chief Executive is responsible for developing the  Director biographies  Groups strategy, running the day-to-day operations, reporting to the Board on performance, pages 78 to 79 implementing strategy, managing risk and internal control, and engaging with shareholders.  Committee terms  The Senior Independent Director acts as a sounding board for the Chairman, serving as an  of reference  intermediary to other Board members. The Senior Independent Director leads the annual   www.inchcape.com appraisal of the Chairmans performance with the other Non-Executive Directors. 72 INCHCAPE ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2022 STRATEGIC