 146 Independent auditors report Highlights Financial Gross premiums written Net premiums written Net earned premiums $5,268.7m $3,876.2m $3,614.2m (2021: $4,618.9m) (2021: $3,512.4m) (2021: $3,147.3m) Net investment (loss)/income Cash and investments Investment return $(179.7)m $8,998.1m (2.1)% (2021: $116.4m) (2021: $7,875.3m) (2021: 1.6%) Rate increase on renewals Profit before tax for the financial year 14% $191.0m (2021: 24%) (2021: $369.2m) www.beazley.com Beazley | Annual report 2022 01  Chief Executive Officers statement Beazleys combined ratio of 89% (2021: 93%) and gross premiums written of $5,268.7m  (2021: $4,618.9m) are testament to our hard work over the last few years, and are  particularly pleasing given that 2022 witnessed geopolitical uncertainty unseen since the  Cold War. The overall result, a profit before tax of $191.0m (2021: $369.2m), consisted of a  strong underwriting performance, offset by a reduced investment performance, driven by  mark to market losses as a result of the volatile interest rate environment. I am proud of Beazleys progress throughout 2022. We poorest people, to offering clients reassurance as they  delivered a strong underwriting result, raised capital that will navigate a complex sanctions regime - the innovation and  enable us to make the most of a structural change in the responsiveness of the Beazley team has shone through and  Property insurance and reinsurance markets, realigned our Id like to thank everyone for their hard work and focus on  underwriting teams to better deliver for clients and launched supporting clients. Lloyd's first ESG syndicate. All against a backdrop of high  inflation, an energy price crunch and the overhang of war in  Sustainable growth  Europe. Our business received a strong endorsement from the capital  markets in November 2022 as we raised $404m in new  Specialty insurance in a time of geopolitical turmoil equity capital to support our exciting growth agenda. We see a  The war in Ukraine has shaken us all, causing real human multi-dimensional opportunity to show our agility and grow in  suffering; and, as we all take stock, it is right to reflect on the response to changes in market conditions whilst continuing to  impact it has had on our business. Firstly, the conflict resulted pursue our sustainable long-term growth strategy, which this  in us provisioning for claims directly from the war itself, for additional capital will further support. which our estimate of loss remains unchanged since our  2022 interim report. Secondly, the energy price spike and The market dislocation in Property is a signal of structural  rising inflation caused central banks to increase interest change as it adjusts to the increased exposure climate  rates, leading to mark to market losses in our fixed income change brings. This gives us a strategic opportunity to  portfolio resulting in an $179.7m investment loss. Finally, the accelerate rather than simply re-grow our Property franchise  war has reinforced the value a specialty insurer like Beazley (which used to be a significantly larger proportion of the  brings in complex situations. From our claims teams support business than it is now) but also to retain more of our Cyber  for mariners injured by missiles in the conflict zone, or and Specialty Risks business. enabling shipments of grain needed by some of the worlds  www.beazley.com Beazley | Annual report 2022 11  and I look forward to reporting our progress in next years  Chief Executive Officers annual report, when we will recommit ourselves to additional  and equally challenging targets for the next three year cycle. statement continued Insurance. Just different  Firm foundations Beazleys Cyber team took a leading role in the market this  Our ability to pivot our business to take up new opportunities  year on the issue of systemic Cyber risk. If the Cyber  as they emerge is part of our DNA. Platform strength, product  insurance industry is to achieve its potential and play its role  and geographical diversity are cornerstones of this. Our  in managing and mitigating Cyber risk, it needs to define and  strategy is to achieve the successful intersection of platforms  build parameters that will allow insurers to manage their  and products to offer our brokers and clients access to our  balance sheet prudently, whilst encouraging more capital to  expertise and specialist underwriting capacity where and when  come into the sector. We are fully committed to supporting  they do business. We believe that a mix of international,  this adjustment to happen. Innovation has come right across  wholesale and domestic platforms delivers straightforward  our business, from insuring the first commercial moon rover  access to us and adds real value. vehicle to providing an insurance solution for e-sports events.  In early 2023 we launched the market's first cyber  People are, of course, Beazleys most important asset and  catastrophe bond, an innovation that will see new capital  in October 2022 we had to say goodbye to one of the best,  come into a cyber market that needs to grow at pace in the  David Roberts, our Chair of five years, who left to become  next decade to meet business demand. All have the same  Chair of the Court of the Bank of England. We are grateful for  characteristics in common - they require a specialist approach  Davids leadership and I would like to thank him personally for  to insurance as the issues raised are complex; but with the  his counsel and wisdom over his time with us, but particularly  right investment they offer significant long-term potential. when I transitioned to CEO last year. Davids calm presence  during COVID-19 and his personal drive and commitment to  As you can see from our digital version of this annual report;  diversity and inclusion have had a profound impact on  beazley.com/2022-annual-report, in 2022 we refreshed our  Beazley. Christine LaSala