 6. Colleague engagement meetings, as part of our annual compliance everything we do. training, and regular internal colleague  (1) As a percentage of the population declared. communications, including a Board Jam session  hosted by two of our Non-Executive Directors. (2) L0-3 population.  Virgin Money Annual Report & Accounts 2022 41 S Stra trat tegic report egic report Governance Risk report TCFD Financial statements Additional information Our TCFD summary We are pleased to present our second Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) report, set out on pages 231 to 262. The disclosures are consistent with the TCFDs 2017  Recommendations and Recommended Disclosures across all four TCFD pillars and are compliant with the UK Listing Rule 9.8.6R(8) requirements. The Group remains committed to improving its climate risk management capabilities and overcoming current data limitations, which will enable continued progress in the depth of analysis and the  levelof integration and insight provided, particularly across the following areas:  > (Strategy) Financial planning as data availability improves, we will undertake more detailed analysis to quantify expected financial impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities, considering  different geographies, sectors or industries; > (Strategy) Scenario analysis we will develop more detailed forward-looking modelling, as physical and transition risk data limitations are overcome, to better inform our understanding of implications  forstrategic and financial planning; and, > (Metrics and Targets) Scope 3 emissions we will continue to enhance financed emissions calculations and increase in the coverage of loans on balance sheet. We will also work to overcome  challenges quantifying emissions arising in the operational value chain and set science-based targets (SBTs) to guide emissions reductions against our 2030 net-zero operational and supplier  emissions target. TCFD recommendations  and recommended disclosures Location Summary Future focus Strategy: Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the business, strategy and financial planning where such information is material. a) Climate-related risks and opportunities the Pages 236 > Time horizons have been defined for internal climate risk assessments, > Further develop innovative propositions to support the decarbonisation  organisation has identified over the short, medium to 240 which also consider financial and strategic planning cycles. ofcustomers homes and businesses. and long term. > Detailed portfolio and customer assessments performed to identify > Invest in enhancing our climate-related data, which can be used to inform  material risks and opportunities. strategy and support customers transition to a low carbon economy. > Climate-related risks and opportunities identified and used to inform > Continue work to understand and quantify climate-related risks and  ourdetailed climate strategy, which includes SBTs guiding emissions opportunities over the medium and long term. reductions for our portfolios. b) The impact of climat e-related risks and Pages 240 > Disclosure of emissions and SBTs, with interim targets to provide > Continue to embed climate-related risks and opportunities into financial  opportunities on the organisations businesses, to 241 apathway which guides our transition to net zero. andstrategic planning, across different time horizons. strategy, and financial planning. > Delivered innovative green products and services to help our customers > Enhance disclosures to show climate-related impacts to financial  decarbonise, such as the green mortgage and Agri E Fund. performance (revenues and costs) and to financial position (assets and  liabilities), also building in a view of capital expenditure and capital allocation  requirements over time. c) The resilience of the organisations strategy, Pages 242 > The Group has undertaken an inaugural scenario analysis (CBES aligned) > Continue enhancing scenario analysis and interrogating outputs, to assess  takinginto consideration different climate-related to 244 exercise to identify climate-related risks and opportunities and assess financial impacts and implications for strategic planning, including delivery  scenarios, including a 2C or lower scenario. theresilience of our business model. ofour net-zero commitments. > Transition plans developed, which build in climate-related risks and > Continue to develop transition plans, as data coverage, quality and carbon  opportunities and consider necessary strategic changes that may be planning capabilities improve, and further enhance reporting against our  required to support our transition plans. 2030 targets.  Virgin Money Annual Report & Accounts 2022 42 S Stra trat tegic report egic report Governance Risk report TCFD Financial statements Additional information Our TCFD summary TCFD recommendations  and recommended disclosures Location Summary Future focus Governance: Disclose the organisations governance around climate-related risks and opportunities. a) Describe the boards oversight of climate-related Pages 245 > Quarterly Board-level updates on ESG-related topics, including net-zero > Continue to review frequency and content of climate-related updates  risks and opportunities. to 246 planning, ESG data project and ESG Goals updates, submitted via Boards totheBoard. Audit Committee to the Board. > Enhance climate risk training and consider involvement of specialist climate  > Board engaged throughout the year and formally approved the net-zero advisors on an invitational basis. aligned SBTs and transition plans, including emissions reductions  > Review and challenge of outputs from climate scenario analysis and stress  pathways and decarbonisation levers. testing, considering strategic and financial implications. > Climate risk appetite metrics approved by Boards Risk Committee  > Further increase engagement on product proposition and customer  andbyBoard. engagement strategies. > Refreshed Board sub-committee and Board charters to ensure appropriate  reference to climate-related risks.  b) Descr ibe managements role in assessing and Pages 246 > Established a Sustainability team and further enhanced resource within > LTIP scorecards to evolve once financed emissions baselines are  managing climate-related risks and opportunities. to 247 theClimate Risk team. established across the portfolio. > Reallocation of climate change financial risk accountabilities under the > Continue to enhance reporting against the Groups transition plans,  SMR, in view of the Groups organisational structure. climate-related commitments and targets. > Executive level Environment Committee established in FY21 was made > Enhance the suite of climate-related management information which  permanent in the year and sat monthly, with support from a number of isreported through Executive and Board level