 National Grid plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022/23 1 National Grid at a glance Our vision Our values is to beatthe  heartofa clean,  Do the Find a Make it  fair andaffordable  right thing better way happen energy future. Stand up for Take personal Embrace the power  Our purpose safetyeveryday ownership for andopportunity  deliveringresults ofdiversity Put our  is to bring  customersfirst Be bold and act with Increase efficiency  energyto life. passion and purpose tohelp with customer  Be inclusive,  affordability  supportingand Focus on progress  caringfor each other overperfection Work with others  tofindsolutions  Speak up, challenge Follow the problem  forcustomers andactwhere through to the end something doesnt Commit to learning  feelright andnewideas  Further reading page 30 of our RBR Where we operate United Kingdom 1 UK Electricity Transmission Our core, regulated businesses focus on  electricity transmission and distribution.  2 UK Electricity Distribution Wealso balance energy supply and demand  3  UK Electricity System Operator asa system operator in Great Britain (GB).  UK principal offices  Owned office space: Bristol, Cardiff, Castle  Donington, Plymouth, Warwick and Wokingham  Leased office space: London  North America Our core, regulated businesses focus  on gas and electricity transmission  anddistribution. US principal offices  Owned office space: Syracuse, New York Leased office space: Brooklyn,  New York and Waltham, Massachusetts  New England New York 4 5 2 National Grid plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022/23 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Regulatory asset value (RAV),  Our business units rate base and other assets (%) 1 4  UK Electricity Transmission New England 1 5 29% 26% (UK ET) We own and operate electricity transmission  2 6 7% 19% facilities and distribution networks across  We own and operate the high-voltage  3 7 1% 4% Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Vermont  electricity transmission (ET) network in  4 14% as well as gas distribution networks across  Englandand Wales.  Massachusetts.  Strategic Infrastructure (SI) is anew business  5 unit, which, effective 1 April 2023, willdeliver New York UK ET projects through the Accelerated  We own and operate electricity transmission  Strategic Transmission Investment (ASTI)  facilities and distribution networks across  framework to connect 50 GW of offshore  upstate New York. We own and operate gas  generation by 2030. distribution networks across upstate New York,  Statutory operating prot (%) in New York City and on Long Island. 2  UK Electricity Distribution  1 5 20% 11% 6 (UK ED) National Grid Ventures (NGV) 2 6 Im pleased that as the debate on the best path to net zero in the  USNortheast continues we have forged strong inroads with key  theweaponisation of global energy  stakeholders to find pragmatic solutions to bring us closer to a clean,  isnolongertheoretical. fairand affordable energy future.  Business highlights from the year Context in which we are operating Our strategic pivot is now complete, with the sale of a majority stake in  In this context, its very clear that delivering the energy transition at pace,  National Grid Gas (now National Gas Transmission) to a Macquarie-led  whilst challenging, is vital if we are to create a future energy system that  consortium completed during the year. This pivot underlines our  is not just secure and clean, but fair and affordable. commitment to decarbonisation of energy networks in order to reach  netzero, and provides a clear focus on electricity in the UK as we look  This is not just about the environmental benefits of more renewables on  tothe future. Anew business unit, Strategic Infrastructure (SI), will lead  the grid, although thats critical to tackle climate change. Its clear that  the delivery ofthe infrastructure required to support an electric future  the benefits of the transition actually reach much further. In both the  intheUK.  UKand the US, more renewable energy means lower bills in the longer  term, increased energy security, economic growth and the creation of  In May, we announced our underlying operating profit was up 15%  thousands of green jobs.  (10%at constant currency) to 4.6 billion. Over the course of the full  year,we continued to invest in the energy transition at pace, investing  National Grid and the whole energy sector is innovating at a speed  7.7 billion across our networks, up 15% on the prior year.  notseen before. The scale of the challenge and opportunity  remainshuge.  Investment and delivering for shareholders  National Grid is operating at the very heart of this transition. Were driving  Im extremely proud that National Grid is one of the largest green  progress and investing heavily in decarbonising the networks of today  investors in the FTSE. Over the five years of our financial outlook we  while designing the networks of tomorrow. Our colleagues are working  anticipate investing up to 40 billion between 2021/22 and 2025/26,  hard to deliver a just transition, and to unlock the huge opportunities that  ofwhich 29 billion is directly into the decarbonisation of our energy  this transition can deliver for all.  networks (aligned with the EU Taxonomy).  Further reading: Our business units pages 28 32 8 National Grid plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022/23 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information UK ET highlights: 1 Good progress at London Power Tunnels 2 a1 billion project to rewire  South London where we have now completed three of five drives for the  tunnel boring machines, marking a significant milestone for the project which  will future-proof the energy infrastructure of the capital for many years to come.  Whilst continuing to invest at scale and pace in both the UK and US,  wewill deliver average asset growth of 810% per annum (compound