 Directors Report 149 INFORMATION www.imperialbrandsplc.com Shareholder Information 245 MEET OUR PEOPLE Anna Sandhya Jenny Executive Assistant, Ivory Coast Cover Consumer Experience Manager, UAE 17 Production Engineer, Sweden 43 Maite and lvaro Mara Daniel Supply Chain Manager Sales Representative, Spain 18 Trade Marketing Manager, Sweden 44 and Finance Controller, Spain 1 Ral Ralf Shradha Production Mechanic, Spain 21 Factory Operator, Germany 50 ESG Executive, UK 1 Grzegorz Fernando Oleksandr Learning & Development Coordinator, Human Rights Manager, UK 51 Production Mechanic, Ukraine 3 Poland 21 Adam Juan Jos Matthew Process Engineer Specialist, UK 53 Quality Specialist, Spain 11 QC Analyst, UK 22 Joshua Maria Katrina and Mohamad Data Scientist, Poland 56 Brand Manager, Spain 12 Manufacturing Excellence Manager  Alona and Production Operator, Sweden 24 Elara Retail Development Representative, UK 58 Retail Representative, UK 15 Andrea Trade Marketing Analyst, Spain 25 Debbie Marketing Services Manager, US 15 Oleksii Production Operator, Ukraine 27 Marie-Louise People & Culture Business Partner, Jodi Ivory Coast 16 Laboratory Manager, UK 38 www.imperialbrandsplc.com 1 WE ARE TRANSFORMING By becoming a strong challenger,  we are building a business more  capable of growth year in, year out. C IMPERIAL BRANDS AT A GLANCE The five-year strategy we launched in January  DELIVERING ON  2021 was the roadmap for our transformation.  Since then we have been building the  OUR STRATEGY foundations for future success and we are now  on track to move to the next phase of delivery. WE HAVE A CLEAR STRATEGY TO WHICH WE ARE ROLLING  BECOME A STRONG CHALLENGER OUT WITH DISCIPLINE STRATEGIC PILLARS PHASE 1: BUILDING  FOUNDATIONS Pages 14-19 Five-year  strategy  NGP  launched trials  begin Top five  aggregate  market share  Exit of  stabilised Russia  completed Jan 2021 Sept 2021 Efficiency Purpose,  programme vision and  begins behaviours  launched New Refresh 2 Imperial Brands|Annual Report and Accounts 2022 Our purpose remains:  Forging a path to a healthier future for  For more information  moments of relaxation and pleasure. please see www.imperialbrandsplc.com STRENGTHENING OUR AND DELIVERING FOR  INVESTMENT CASE ALL STAKEHOLDERS PHASE 2: IMPROVING Our consumers RETURNS Millions of adults worldwide choose  to enjoy our tobacco and NGP. Meeting their  expectations of quality and understanding  theirevolving requirements are vital for the  long-term sustainable growth of ourbusiness. NGP trials Further Revitalised tobacco business  validate NGP driving strong cash returns Our colleagues further market  Our colleagues are our most important asset.   NGP business providing  roll-outs launches It is essential wecreate a supportive, safeand  options for potential harm  rewarding work environment to enable them  Top five reduction and growth to deliver our goals and develop their careers. aggregate   Strong, sustainable cash  market  flow generated from  Our customers share  a high-quality portfolio We work closely with distributors,  growth wholesalers and retailers to ensure our  products are available to adult consumers  in a diverse range of outlets worldwide.  They play acrucial role in our business model. Sept 2022 2023 2025 Governments & regulators Approaches to legislation vary significantly   New capabilities and more  Operational  across geographies. We support reasonable  efficient structures delivering  efficiencies drive  regulation of tobacco andnicotine products  operational improvement and  improvements and look to have constructive engagement  strengthening performance with policy makers and regulators.  Progressive dividend  Behaviours  Our investors supplemented by surplus  embedded in  capital returns via Our investors provide capital to the business  performance- and monitor managements allocation of that  a share buyback based culture capital within the business. Our suppliers We maintain strong relationships with our  tobacco, non-tobacco materials (NTM) and  NGP suppliers to help ensure sustainable  supply and business 6 Imperial Brands|Annual Report and Accounts 2022 DELIVERING ON OUR STRATEGY UNDERSTANDING  CONSUMER DYNAMICS COVID-19 unwind Lifting of restrictions is  causing changes to consumer  buying patterns. recurrence of gains on disposal of the for example, by creating a new  Impact: Ongoing Premium Cigar Division. Strong cash AAA region to focus on market  performance delivered almost opportunities beyond Europe and the  Inflationary pressures 2.6 billion of free cash flow, which US. Over the past year, we have also  Inflation likely to affect  has further strengthened the balance been building new functional centres  purchasing power  sheet, and enabled us to step up of excellence, which will enable the  of some consumers. returns to shareholders. corporate functions to better support  Impact: Not material in 2022 the growth agenda of our consumer-  These achievements have been  and market-facing teams and this  delivered against a backdrop of  Potentially reduced harm work will continue into 2023. These  inflationary pressures and a squeeze  Consumers continue to seek  new ways of working will be further  on consumer purchasing power.  reduced harm alternatives. enhanced by a multi-year digital  As expected, our tobacco price mix  transformation programme to upgrade  Impact: Long-term  strengthened in the second half to  our Enterprise Resource Planning  10.7%, bringing overall price mix up  For more information,  processes, which is now underway.  please see page 10. to 6.0% for the year. At the same time, I can also confirm  that actions already taken will deliver  We are a more resilient business than  we were two years ago, and this gives 120 million of annual savings in FY23  (see pages 24-25). us confidence that we can continue to  which underlines our commitment  successfully navigate these short-term  We continue to embed a high- to acting with responsibility. Sean has  headwinds and deliver on our strategy.  30 years experience in legal and  performance culture, integrating our  It has also reinforced our view that the