 Regulators  Colleagues  Communities  Suppliers  Focused on growth, underpinned by our values and an intelligent approach to risk: Supporting customers at every stage of their lives  Simple to deal with  Powered by innovation and partnerships  Sharpened capital allocation  Read the story on page 53  Enterprise Our ambition is to remove barriers to enterprise and to provide businesses in the UK the support they need to grow.  We have identified three focus areas where we can make a meaningful contribution and build long-term value in our business: Climate, Enterprise and Learning.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  Read more on pages 26–27  Delivering long-term sustainable value and attractive returns, now and for the next generation.  NatWest Group champions potential, helping people, families and businesses to thrive. Because when they thrive, so do we. Our purpose guides and underpins everything we do. It enables  RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  …creating a positive impact through our areas of focus  Because when they thrive, so do we.  Our purpose  GOVERNANCE  Read more on pages 36–39  NatWest Group champions potential, helping people, families and businesses to thrive.  FINANCIAL REVIEW  We are guided by our purpose  Read the story on page 14  Learning ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  We are helping people to take control of their finances, to make the most of their money, safely and securely – now and in the future. Read the story on page 28  12  NatWest Group | 2022 Annual Report and Accounts  NatWest Group | 2022 Annual Report and Accounts  13  STRATEGIC REPORT  Enterprise case study  FINANCIAL REVIEW  Through the Accelerator, Rosie received support to expand her company and open multiple retail outlets across the Midlands.  GOVERNANCE  Supporting dynamic businesses  For us, it’s about understanding ambition and helping to remove the barriers to enterprise. We know we can play a key role in inspiring future generations to develop their skills, experience and business ideas, and ultimately to achieve their goals. A great example of this is our support for Birmingham-based social enterprise Miss Macaroon. Founded by Rosie Ginday MBE in 2011, the company combines a passion for producing premium-quality food and a desire to help young people gain the skills and confidence to change their lives.  14  NatWest Group | 2022 Annual Report and Accounts  The company has gone from strength to strength, expanding its operations from individual customer orders to catering for wholesale businesses. With the development of a unique colour-matching service, Miss Macaroon has also attracted major corporate clients such as John Lewis. Importantly, Miss Macaroon’s commercial success has enabled its social purpose, helping to deliver the MacsMAD programme which provides young people who often have multiple and complex needs the opportunity to gain work experience, better their career prospects and positively change their lives. To date, 134 young people have been supported through the programme. It’s a fantastic achievement that not only speaks to Rosie’s vision, but also to the opportunities created when businesses get the support to thrive.  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Starting life with a small kitchen space and just £500 in capital, Miss Macaroon has now produced over three million macaroons for global brands, royalty and a host of celebrities, as well as becoming one of the region’s leading employability programmes.  We were first able to support Rosie through the NatWest Group Accelerator programme by providing one-to-one coaching, access to mentors and industry experts, and networking with a community of like-minded entrepreneurs, as well as hot-desking space at our commercial offices in Birmingham. Through the Accelerator, Rosie received support to expand her company and open multiple retail outlets across the Midlands.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  Championing the potential of UK businesses is about more than just providing financial backing.  RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  Building strong relationships to help businesses thrive  Watch the story online The QR code above directs to a case study video on our 2022 Annual Report webpage. None of the information on that webpage (including the case study video) is, or should be read as being, incorporated by reference into this report.  NatWest Group | 2022 Annual Report and Accounts  15  STRATEGIC REPORT  Market environment  Adapting to evolving market trends  Economy Overview  Our response  Customers Overview  NatWest Group | 2022 Annual Report and Accounts  Cyberattacks pose a constant risk to our operations, both in relation to our own digital estate and indirectly with regard to our supply chain. Cybercrime continues to evolve rapidly. Attacks may be from individuals or highly organised criminal groups intent on stealing money or sensitive data, or potentially holding organisations to ransom. Our response We continue to invest significant resources in the development and evolution of cybersecurity controls, to deploy rigorous due diligence with regard to third parties and to work to protect and educate our colleagues and customers on fraud and scam activity. To provide continuity of service for customers with minimal disruption, we monitor and assess a diverse and evolving array of threats, both external and internal, as well as developing, strengthening or adapting existing control capability to be able to absorb and adapt to such disruptions.  Technology  Climate change  Overview  Overview  New business models and customer behaviours continue to evolve rapidly through advancing technology alongside large-scale societal changes. In the post-pandemic era, we recognise the growing role of technology in everything from digital work environments to the access and delivery of goods and services, including those within the financial sector.  Climate change represents an inherent risk to NatWest Group, not only from its impact on the global economy, our customers, suppliers and counterparties, but also through its potential effects on asset values, operational costs and business models as the essential transition to a net-zero economy accelerates. These risks are subject to