 Companies list for 20 consecutive years and received delivering sustainable business performance and  awards for diversity and wellbeing. These accolades creating value for all the Groups stakeholders.  help to position us as a destination employer which  The Board has been able to resume meeting in person  is crucial in the current competitive market for talent. this year as well as visits to colleagues overseas.  Having our people as shareholders remains a I have visited our overseas locations along with one  distinctive element of Admirals incentive schemes. or more fellow non-executive directors (NEDs) and  These are designed to ensure that decisions support we also attended Employee Consultation Group  long-term value growth, that the right behaviours are (ECG) meetings. These allowed us to keep contact  rewarded and that our peoples interests are aligned with our people and directly hear their views and  with those of shareholders. We believe that, over the the challenges they face. The Admiral culture still  long-term, share price appreciation depends on shines through. delivering great outcomes for our customers.  Read more  Jean Park stepped down in January 2023 after having  (Further details can be found in the Remuneration  in our  served nine years on the Board and chairing the Group  Governance  Committee report on page 183).  Risk Committee. She has also been a member of  report on  page 136 the Remuneration and Nomination and Governance  Customers Committees and acted as the Senior Independent  Admirals purpose is to help people to look after their  Director. We will miss her unstinting support and wise  future and the business has really lived by its purpose  counsel. I would like to thank her on behalf of the  during the year, ensuring that Admiral has been there  whole Board for her huge contribution. for its customers when they need us most.  The UK business has invested in technology that  reduces the time it takes to settle motor claims  hopefully removing a pain-point during what can  be a stressful time for customers. In response to the cost-of-living crisis, our teams have  looked at ways to help and support insurance and   Once again Admiral  loans customers who are financially vulnerable.  2022 saw extreme weather from flash floods to forest  was recognised  fires and a freeze event. Admiral colleagues chose  to take a proactive approach, identifying customers  as a Great Place  in the impacted areas and contacting them to  understand how we could support them. These are  to Work in 2022. just a few examples of the little things that the  business does that can make a big difference for  Annette Court customers, and that make me proud to be a part  Group Chair  of Admiral.  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022 Company Overview Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information 19 Our focus areas for the Board remain to: New Chair I am delighted that Mike Rogers will take on the role   Continue to build on the remarkably special  of the new Chair of Admiral. He has a great track  Admiral culture and in so doing putting our people,  record and significant experience which will benefit  customers and wider impact on the community at  Admiral in its next exciting phase of evolution  the heart of what we do and demonstrates a great understanding of the   Continue our long-term trajectory of growth,  Groups culture.  profitability and innovation I am confident that the current Board and new Chair   Invest in the development and growth of our people are well-equipped with the skills and knowledge to   Ensure excellent governance and the  continue to build and strengthen Admiral and build a  highest standards sustainable business in the long-term while retaining   Focus on all aspects of ESG Admirals distinctive culture. Our role in Society doing the right thing Admiral takes its role in society very seriously and has Annette Court an active approach to Corporate Responsibility which Group Chair focuses on all our stakeholders and the wider impact  7 March 2023 we have (more information in the Sustainability Report  on the Admiral website). We are proud to be Wales  only FTSE 100 headquartered company. We employ  over 8,000 people in South Wales and our people play  an active part in the communities in which we operate.  A goodbye and thank you  We carefully consider our impact on the community  and environment, including factors such as the green  from Annette Court credentials of our buildings, raising funds for multiple  I have thoroughly enjoyed every  charities, and the impact of climate change across  the business.  year I have been part of Admiral.  I am grateful to our shareholders  As previously announced, the Groups ambition is  to be net zero by 2040 and to be net zero across  for their support as I stayed on  our operations for scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030.  as Chair to ensure a successful  The business verifies its carbon emissions for our  transition to Milena as Group CEO. current operations using a third party and these were  subsequently offset to become carbon neutral. We will  I would like to thank Admirals customers for  apply for approval of our Science Based Targets in  putting their trust in us and our colleagues for  2023. Our aim is to be an economically strong and  their dedication in ensuring that we are there  responsible business over the long-term, guided by  for customers when they need us most. a clear purpose, to make a positive and significant  I wish