 02  At a glance  Where we operate and what we do We connect business owners, drivers, dispatchers, and accountants with merchants in the fuel and alternative energy networks, toll and tax authorities, and other roadside and mobility service providers. To fulfil our customer needs, we provide an integrated product offering or a one-stop shop approach that eases the complexities and fragmentation found in the CRT industry, which differentiates us from the competition. We support our offering through our proven cross-selling strategy that seeks to achieve lifetime customer relationships.  Our unique suite of services Read more on pages 10 to 13  1 Before the journey  2 On the road  Plan the route  Pay for traditional and alternative energy  Calculate expected costs  Pay for tolls  Insure the trip  Navigate safely  Book freight ferries  Communicate on the road Optimise fuel consumption  Our customer’s journey 1 Before the journey  2 On the road  Fleet dispatcher Hanna planned the optimal route for Johann to get to his destination. By using Eurowag’s data, acquired from Johann’s previous trips, she calculated indicative costs, secured the best insurance rate for this journey, and was also able to book Johann freight ferry transport.  Johann did not have to worry about looking for a fuel station. He stopped at the station suggested by Eurowag, refuelled, and had a rest. Since he drove across multiple countries, Johann took advantage of Eurowag’s simplified toll payment system, and paid for services with Eurowag’s closed loop card.  Johann “Eurowag’s solutions helped me realise maximum efficiencies.” Driver eurowag.com  03 Energy countries in which we operate Customer and merchant  Strategic report  Customer only Merchant only  Employees across all countries  >1,000  Governance  Access provided across Europe: Fuel stations  ~17,000 Charging points  360,000 Locate charging points  Process tax refunds  Parking, washing, truck repairs  Perform cross-border currency exchange  Roadside assistance Incidental cost coverage (towing, fines, tyres)  Use financial restructuring and factoring  Mobility solutions Fleet management services Location-based products and services Other adjacent services Tax refund Payment solutions Energy payments Toll payments  3 Post delivery On his journey, he was in constant communication with Hanna and other drivers. When he needed to replace a tyre, Eurowag helped Johann find a repair station quickly.  After Johann completed his journey, his company took advantage of Eurowag’s tax refund service and did not have to wait to receive refund payments. They were also pleased to see the cost-effectiveness that Eurowag’s solutions provided, from better price of fuel and other services, lower fuel usage, to tax refund and cheaper insurance costs.  Clean, fair, and efficient from start to finish  EUROWAG Annual Report and Accounts 2022  Other information  Increase cost-effectiveness  Key  Financial statements  3 08  Chairman’s statement  Continuing to deliver for our stakeholders  Dear Fellow Shareholders, In 2022, Eurowag continued to see strong growth during a time of great instability across European economies. The impact of the Russian war in Ukraine, rising energy and fuel costs, and supply chain issues cannot be understated. This is why our purpose to create sustainable, financial and technological solutions for the benefit of our industry, society, and the environment has never been more important. In our first full year since listing on the London Stock Exchange, Eurowag continued to take significant steps towards becoming the ultimate on-road platform for our customers. We are delivering on our promise to our investors through growth plans that will ensure that we play an integral role in the digitalisation of the CRT industry.  Confidence in Eurowag team On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere thanks to Eurowag’s employees – who deserve considerable credit for the Group’s achievements in 2022. They have faced challenges in difficult markets and delivered a number of significant acquisitions to help grow our business, while at the same time, producing a performance in-line with the Board’s expectations. As the travel restrictions from COVID-19 dissipated in 2022, fellow members of the Board and I were able to visit our colleagues in Prague to gain first-hand insights into the culture of the business.  Organic and inorganic growth I am pleased that the Company found a suitable solution to complete the acquisition of Webeye in the summer. Their established presence in Europe, with a total portfolio of more than 58,000 connected trucks, will expand the Group’s overall customer base; Webeye’s customers will gain access to Eurowag’s range of integrated end-to-end payment and mobility solutions. This acquisition will create significant opportunities for increasing revenue and potentially enhancing our offering to clients. In September, the Group entered into a strategic partnership with JITpay. We currently have a minority stake in the business, but also an option to increase our ownership in the future. Access to JITpay’s suite of products, which includes digitalised billing, invoice discounting, and receivables management solutions, will help drive the expansion of Eurowag’s digital ecosystem, while strengthening our geographical presence in Germany, one of the largest trucking markets in Europe. We were delighted to complete the acquisition of Inelo in March 2023, following the approval from our shareholders at March’s General Meeting. Inelo is a leading fleet management solution and working time management software provider. This transaction will add a further 87,000 connected trucks to our network and solidify our position in Central and Eastern Europe. These acquisitions support our ambition to deliver a fully integrated digital platform for the CRT industry. In addition to M&A activity, the Group ended the year with a strong set of results, despite the macro-economic challenges faced across Europe. These results demonstrate the resilience of Eurowag’s business model as well as the mission critical nature of the solutions they provide to the CRT industry. The Group continued to build its product and technology capabilities in the year, with good progress made on